CONTENT



I.



Introduction



II.



Market analysis



III.



What is AdMine? Concept and participants.



IV.



What is AdMine Token?



V.



Design:



- platform, media content, IPFS, programming part



- platform design



- adding media content into IPFS



- storing links on IPFS



. System participant's Interface:



- user's interface and capacity



- interface and capacity of advertising market



- advertiser's interface and capacity



B. Security design and interaction between users:



- message exchange between participants of the system



- paid surveys organization



- system participants settings



- organization of subscriptions to advertisers



- service desk



- resolution of disputes, audit



- secure storage of users' data



VI. Electronic wallet:



- cryptocurrency deposit



- cryptocurrency withdrawal



- participant's current balance



- history of operations



- MediaCoin purchase



- MediaCoins mining



- Crowd-sale



VII. Integration: API for advertising platforms:



-



request to buy MediaCoin



-



cryptocurrency exchange



VIII. Smart contracts and data privacy:



-



autonomous service for system's users



-



information security, lack of operator



-



easy access to stats



IX. User selection system for advertising campaign:



-



User selection system



-



Ad targeting



-



personal details



-



target audience analytics and the number of displays



X. Paid filters:



-



tools for additional activities



-



Exchange of paid filters results



-



Search clusters development; sharing of funds



XI. Advertising campaign types in the system:



- advertising campaigns based on banner display



- advertising campaigns based on video content display



- advertising campaigns based on canvas/ flash animation display



- advertising campaign designer



XII. Development strategy:



-



competition assessment



-



stages of development



XIII. Funds Allocation



- Tokens allocation



- Advisers



- WINGS DAO



- Bounty program



XIV. Team



Introduction

In modern world, the internet has a leading place in people's life and minds. Great opportunities provided by the online world lead each manufacturer, mediator or product/service provider to represent their companies, introduce new applications and elaborate advertising campaigns on the Internet.

An excessive amount of media content, enclosed with the quality and format of advertisement, do not reach its target audience in most cases. Users either watch ads that they do not need or block it altogether, which contributes to the inefficiency of advertising campaigns.

We suggest changing the current approach by creating an innovative platform based on principles of social network. The platform will enable the advertisers to become investors, and users may choose directions of advertising that they would like to watch and earn money for views.



Market analysis

The Internet has tightly entrenched in our lives. The development of World Wide Web has caused all business to be developed and presented on the Internet, and more than half of the world population view the world through the prism of advertising content.

Today advertising industry is one of the largest sector of the global industry. In analysts' opinion, advertising has become one of drivers of the Internet development. The first Internet advertisement appeared in 1994, and since then the volume of the online advertising market has been growing exponentially: from 37 million dollars to 5 billion dollars in 2000, and to 158 billion dollars in 2016.

Some stats on the volume of the Internet advertising market in Europe demonstrate, that according to the data of analytical company IAB Europe, in the last 5 years it has exceeded 24,3 billion euro. General tendencies have high demand for video advertising and mobile segment. In terms of the volume of Internet advertising market, top 10 countries include Great Britain (6,6 billion euro), Germany (4,6 billion euro), France (2,8 billion euro), Russia (1,5 billion euro), Italy (1,4 billion euro), Netherlands (1,2 billion euro), Spain (0,9 billion euro), Sweden (0,8 billion euro), Norway (0,6 billion euro), Denmark (0,6 billion euro). The most annual growth occured on the markets of Russia (34%) and Turkey (30,4%).

According to statistics, the volume of Internet advertising market in the USA in the past 4 years was 42.8 billion dollars, which is more than the volume of broadcasting TV market by 2.7.

According to advertising market analysis results of more than 50 countries, the volume of Internet advertising will be around 556 billion dollars in 2017. According to the data of



Zenith Optimedia agency, the average annual growth of the share of Internet advertising is 15%, and that's considering that today internet outgoes other ways of promotion by 66%.

Why is this happening?  traditional offline advertising doesn't influence a customer in the same extent that online advertising does;  global advertising market works where its audience is. And mostly the active audience is on the Internet;  the cost of online advertisement is several times lower and the frequency of feedback is several times higher.

Predictions and the reality for 2017-2018 Analyzing the results of 59 advertising markets analysis in the North and South America, Asia-Pacific and EMEA (Europe, the Middle East and Africa) regions, we may assume that the increase in Internet advertising costs in 2017 will persist at the level of 3.8% and will be reach approximately 556 billion dollars. And this amount includes mobile advertising expenses, which will reach approximately 116,1 billion dollars in November, 2017. By 2018, the growth of global expenses is predicted to be 4.3%, and that will be possible due to events on the world scale including: Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in South Korea, FIFA World Cup in Russia and Congressional elections in the USA. In particular the predicted growth for top markets will be +6.1% for Great Britain, +4% for USA and +13% for India. The growth of advertising profits will stimulate such countries as Argentina, Brazil, India, Indonesia, China, Mexico, R ussia, Turkey, South Africa. And these are the countries that in 2018 will receive 21,7% of all profits from advertising and entertainment. According to predictions, the USA will take the first place, China  the second, Japan  the third. Russia will squeeze out Germany from the seventh position.



One of the trends is relocation of advertising budgets from offline advertising to online formats. The structure of Internet advertising changes, i.e. search promotion is displaced by banner ads, gadget applications and video content.

Comparative analysis of online advertising shows:  2015 - global advertising market grew by 3.9% and reached 924 billion dollars,

including 54% - media, 46 % - marketing services. The share of digital media in companies' budgets was 15%. The one-third of advertisers' budgets accounts for the leading channel of marketing services, specifically direct marketing;

 2016  global expenses for marketing services and media channels grew by 4.4% reaching the amount of 1 trillion dollars. The share of Internet advertising in companies' advertising budgets was around 31.9%;

 2017  there was an increase in the market volume by 4,3 %. The share of Internet advertising in companies' advertising budgets was around 34.4%;

 2018  it is predicted that there will be growth by 4,2 %. The share of Internet advertising in companies' advertising budgets will be around 36.6%.

Among various formats, online video brings the most dynamics  up to 32,4%, and social media  up to 28,9%. In 2018 contextual advertising will surpass traditional print media by 14,6%, the increase of the automated purchase share of advertisements will be 25,4%.

By 2019 expenses in Asia-Pacific Region are predicted to increase by 30 billion dollars, which will ensure 43% of global growth  50% more than in North America, where the predicted growth will be 20 billion dollars (29% of global growth). The predicted growth in Western Europe is 8 billion dollars (11%), in Central and Eastern Europe it's 4 billion dollars (6%), in Latin America it's 3 billion dollars (4%).



By 2025 due to the increase of mobile internet users the numbers are up to 4 billion people. It is expected to have rapid development of new segments in Internet advertising on all key markets and an elevation of IT-platforms investment attractiveness to satisfy users' needs.

What is AdMine? Concept and participants.

AdMine is a new kind of cryptocurrency mining where it is not necessary to use computer capacity. The user gets coins for viewing ads on the Internet, evaluating product quality, providing personal data for analytical services, passing marketing quests and testing games.

Our purpose is to create a social network of brands based on the Blockchain technology. We want to attract users' attention to advertising and increase its effectiveness by creating favorable conditions that will enable all participants to benefit from collaboration. For viewing ads, users will get cryptocurrency and will able to buy goods on the Internet, transfer them to their bank accounts/cards or convert into other cryptocurrencies.

Currently, there are no circumstances to earn money for watching ads. Every day, millions of Internet users watch ads from different gadgets while many advertising markets collect data about users and apply it to increase targeting. Thus, users do not have motivation to inform markets about any personal information, which can lead to errored ad suggestion algorithms. Our platform will unite the interests of users and advertising brands by providing users with an opportunity to watch ads, and collect additional personal details free of charge for the brands.



Each user watching an advertisement has unique personal details that advertiser may use during the creation of advertising campaign: details about his personality (gender, age), education, languages, interests, preferences and others. Based on the information about users, advertiser may show ads only to the interested audience, excluding unnecessary demonstrations, at the same time consuming minimal funds.

The technology of connecting users allows saving anonymity in the network when receiving personal advertising suggestions and at the same time providing personal details to the program, which works in autonomous mode without a possibility for the operator to intervene in its working process. As an supplementary possibility to earn money, users will provide additional personal information to advertisers free of charge as a part of work with the paid filters technology.

Examples of system operation An example of utilizing user personal details by an advertiser:

1 We suggest analyzing a situation when an entrepreneur opens a restaurant. He doesn't know in detail how to do advertising. Our platform offers a wide range of convenient tools for people with any level of knowledge. Using simple filters for users' location, food preferences and age groups, advertiser can most effectively find the audience that is mostly interested in visiting that restaurant.

Main problems that the restaurant administration will deal with in case of classical approach:

1. It is necessary to allocate a huge budget for advertising in media 2. Write to a local newspaper or post leaflets 3. Advertise on television or radio



4. Advertise on the Internet purchasing search results or putting a banner. Choosing an audience by geolocation or by the radius of location from the restaurant is impossible in the most of cases, and the filter of personal food preferences and age category is completely unavailable.

5. Organize a party to attract attention Among the listed options, the best will be a party, as it will attract attention of passers-by and people who live nearby.

Using our platform, the restaurant administration can customize an advertising campaign independently (without broker's help). For this purpose, it is enough to take the following steps:

1. Sign up for free in the system 2. Deposit budget 3. Choose two filters: 3.1. Geo location with a radius 5 - 10 kilometers from the location of the restaurant 3.2. Cuisine that is preferred by a user

 Chosen filters will provide the advertiser only those clients that will be in close proximity to the restaurant, and the list of their tastes will include the type of cuisine of the opening restaurant

4. The platform will automatically form an advertising campaign and will select the most suitable advertising markets for promotion

5. The advertiser will only monitor the stats of the offer views and accept clients

2 We considered a case when user's unique personal information can cut advertiser's expenses and help users to find the new restaurant. We suggest to analyze a case



when an advertiser can create a marketing quest for the implementation by a user. For



that purpose, the advertiser needs to:



1. Sign up for free in the system



2. Deposit budget



3. Set user's revenue for a quest implementation



4.



Form the quest conditions on the form-constructor and send it to an



appropriate section



5. Accept users



Let's assume that the restaurant owner will offer a coin to a user if he comes to his restaurant, connects to Wi-Fi and checks in. Such approach will enable to avoid expenses for media advertising and concentrate on the restaurant promotion due to visiting the restaurant.



3 We suggest to analyze one more example for manufacturers, such as gadgets and online games where it is necessary to have a testing staff who will find all faults and will define the interest of the audience to the appearance and content. To organize such campaign, it is necessary to implement the following actions:



1. Sign up for free in AdMine



2. Deposit budget



3. Set users' revenue for implemented work



4. Describe purposes of the testing and create roles of testers in suggested



constructor



5. Select users by their interests



6.



Launch campaign that will independently hold a tender and will select



performers



7. Interact with testers collecting data 8. Define the level of task completion due the finish of session

Using the system in this way, the company doesn't need to have testers' staff having access to interested user's groups who have their own ratings and experience. To complete the contract, a test-manager will accept the results of testers' work. He will assess the work and will launch the payment process.

4 Evaluation of product quality

AdMine may be used to pass surveys and assess product quality. If a company is interested in feedback and it needs to find out, how successful is the product and how it may be improved or changed, or change the format of advertising, it is possible to select an appropriate audience suggesting users pass a test answering interesting questions or to look through the presentation with listing of interesting questions. For this purpose, the company need to take the following steps::

1. Sign up for free in AdMine 2. Deposit budget 3. Create media material for watching or take an existing form from surveys

constructor 4. Set criteria to search audience: geo, language, interests, gender, age (any

parameters that they are interested in) 5. Set the value of payment for providing answers 6. Set the way of results delivery 7. Set a suggestion for cooperation for users' categories who are questioned

(who have given a good evaluation of the product or a neutral evaluation)



8. Place a survey into the tape processing where the program will hold a tender to select appropriate candidates and will realize the survey

9. Answers will be delivered in the chosen way of sending, and users who have passed the survey will get MediaCoin.

In this way, the company may hold a user survey collecting answers to questions and people's opinions. And for the users' categories who are interested, smart-contract will form an offer to cooperate with the brand immediately on the conditions described beforehand.



5 Providing personal information for analytical services



There is a great diversity of business models and often different companies need detailed selection of targeting audience, based on data that do not have a high level of prevalence. As an example, there may be mentioned a pharmaceutical company that wants to conduct an advertising campaign for a new remedy against allergy to honey. For these purposes, it is necessary to implement the following actions:



1. Sign up for free in the system AdMine



2. Deposit budget



3. Create a paid filter which essence is in the answer to question: do you have



an allergy to honey?



4. Place a payment for each positive answer



5. Place a filter on the board of paid filters



6.



Create an advertising suggestion that uses this filter as a basis for



demonstration



Final strategy will lead the advertising campaign to a success, as the demonstration of ads will be done exclusively only to that category of users who is in the selection of paid filters, getting coins for answering the question. In this case, the investigation of the paid filter is justified by that circumstance that, in perspective, any company will be able to purchase the results of this filter as a part of a smart contract paying for the half of coins spent for the investigation.

Conclusion: The efficiency of approaches using in the system AdMine is rapidly getting closer to 100%, as it directly affects exclusively that group of people who are interested. And users can spend the money, received for views, to buy products that they advertise. As a result, key advantages of the platform in comparison with classical methods of advertising, are:

1. Maximally beneficial correlation between the payment and targeting 2. Saving money for advertising, as it is necessary to show a limited number of

suggestions due to a high efficiency of such kind of advertising 3. Lack of mediators, only direct payments 4. A complete and unambiguous stats of views and advertising campaign

results that allows defining the relevance of suggestion with the highest accuracy 5. Effect of a perspective advertising when a user exactly knows the content of advertisement and is able to recall it in the future

The project AdMine suggests users earn cryptocurrency for watching ads, convert it on the market or transfer to personal accounts. Using an embedded system of chats and service desk all users can exchange messages and make suggestions regarding an improvement or resolve emerging disputes involving auditors if necessary.



In our project, each user can create a card of favorite brands, find new unknown brands using a form of search, be aware of new suggestions, participate in campaigns and get discounts, and buy their most favorite products and order services with the earned money. In case, when advertisers need to narrow the size of the audience, choosing only the most interested, we give users an opportunity to earn additional cryptocurrency providing personal information to companies.

Our project is designed to help advertisers with any level of knowledge. Even a brand owner-beginner can easily and absolutely free create an advertising campaign using beforehand customized scenarios or creating their own. Each scenario may use one of basic principles of advertising campaigns, such as: ads demonstration to a user, survey, program testing, passing quests and other possibilities. We give brands a chance to find out their position in the society allowing users to subscribe for them. Subscribers may be used for different purposes, such as: evaluation of a product that haven't yet introduced for sale, closed testing of games or programs and other possibilities. To conduct advertising campaigns, it is often necessary to define the size of targeting audience, find out what the amount of potential clients the advertising campaign will attract and what audience the brand owner can rely on. To do it, AdMine gives a chance to search users by their questionnaire parameters, location or other available characteristics.

We support connections with external social networks, provide to users a possibility to integrate details of their profiles and share events and achievements.

The uniqueness of the system AdMine is in the use of smart contracts that are designed to ensure security and fault tolerance of the system as a whole. All mechanisms inside the platform, from the creation of advertising campaign to holding surveys, use smart contracts as an independent arbitrator in the implementation of obligations of all parties.



Smart contract is impartial and doesn't depend on anyone's actions. All stages of its implementation and history are available for watching online.

What is AdMine Token?

As a part of fundraising for the project development, we have created a company based on ICO. Payments are done by means of a token realizing a local financial system, that doesn't depend on external currencies and quotations. The volume and allocation of tokens are regulated by a smart contract, which condition of operating is opened to any potential investor.

Main thesis of a fundraising campaign based on ICO:

For fundraising for the project development, we launch tokens MediaCoin based on the technology of smart contract of ERC20 standard.

Purchased tokens may be used for payments inside the system or to convert them to get profits.

The number of tokens is limited to 100 000 000 without a possibility of further emissions.

By the completion of ICO, all tokens will be distributed between investors, unsold tokens will be removed. Such approach will ensure a lack of inflation inside the system, and will save the cost of the token, creating conditions for profitable sale and exchange.



AdMine is engineered in the way that in the moment of purchasing an internal currency by any user (MediaCoin), the platform will automatically form a request to buy MediaCoins from investors by the current market rate. For a user, this process will be invisible, bought coins will be transferred to the wallet in proportion to the amount of transfer. Thus, the system will automatically buy tokens from investors, distributing them to users inside the system. The process of buying doesn't require special attention.

Investors' profits will grow proportionally to the increase of participants number in the system. The system globalization will bring profits to investors compared to the all rapidly growing cryptocurrencies, such as Bitcoin or Ether.

An investor can sell tokens to new users. To do that, it's enough to send a request to sell tokens on cryptocurrency market and the system will automatically buy tokens. Investors will see in real time how the invested advertising money is used.



Design

The security of advertising is ensured by the lack of possibility for perpetrators to place their malicious code on the pages of advertising markets. In terms of classical implementation, due to an insufficient possibility to control users, advertisers are forced to create programs that control users' audience, create their own databases, identify users by marks and resort to other tricks only for one purpose: define the user's uniqueness and don't allow any views to cheat with bots. Such fault gives perpetrators a chance to disguise as advertising campaigns infecting computers with viruses.

AdMine has all technical tools that ensure control of users' uniqueness and allows advertising markets to elaborate advertising campaigns built on personal details of each user. One of tools for the achievement of this goal is the allocation of advertising content on resources of file system IPFS. As the content is static and doesn't require an operation of additional client programs. All that is needed is to depict its content and make sure that the user has paid attention to it.

Conditionally, AdMine may be divided into three main components: client application, server part and API for advertising markets. Each component is elaborated separately allowing to maintain a high level of well-functioning and control of errors. Client application realizes banner interface for ads demonstration on the pages of advertising markets. It controls the user, identifies him and helps to depict the content of the advertising element. Server part is a shared system of storage and processors of smart contracts that is based on the principle of scalability. The third and most responsible is the external connections integration component, i.e. API AdMine. It includes the functional for an interaction between advertising markets and our platform.



Electronic wallet

The operation of the platform AdMine is based on the functional work with crypto wallets of the system participants. It allows performing operations of depositing funds to the account using the most common kinds of cryptocurrencies, such as BTC, ETH and others. Each wallet reflects total gross funds at the current moment in dollars that is a standard practice of crypto wallets. All kinds of operations inside the system are implemented through the main cryptocurrency AdMine (MediaCoin) which is the basis of the project ICO and belongs to investors until the moment of sell. In the process of the system operation, most of MediaCoin is moving into the circulation, which will contribute to the main and long-lasting growth of their cost due to the increase of demand. The organization of buying MediaCoins by the system participants is implemented through the cryptocurrency market allowing to do internal exchange of the main cryptocurrencies for MediaCoin. At any moment each participant of the system may withdraw his/her own currency, convert it to another cryptocurrency, transfer it to another participant or make payments using own internal wallet. The wallet interface is joined for all participants of the system and is based on the principles of ease of use and transparency of payments. Current gross balance of the wallet is always depicted in dollars. The history of deposits, withdrawals and exchange is available to the system participant anytime. As a part of a smart contract, each accrual may be found both in the wallet history and in the audit log of the smart contract. The security of wallets is ensured by the BlockChain technology. All payments are done in closed mode without an operator's access.

Integration: API for advertising platforms

Banner (or advertising) market is a necessary component in the chain of ad suggestion delivery to a user. Before the advertising market begins its operation, it needs to choose the advertisement type and allocate a frame for ad content demonstration. To achieve these goals, AdMine envisaged different control modes for implementing integration actions. Before launching into an operational mode, the advertising market needs to



pass a debug mode that will give an opportunity to pass tests, customize details of display, find out integration errors and make up the pages of the website. At the stage of planning, we have taken into account that some advertising markets would like a diversity of advertising, enumerating unacceptable topics or, on the contrary, creating lists of acceptable themes. As an example is the women underwear advertisement on a website with children entertainment. This way, AdMine envisages a possibility to display filter customization for each advertising market that, undoubtedly, will allow to save reputation of the advertising resource and will give a chance to earn money by providing a place for advertisement. In cases when there are no available advertising content, AdMine gives an opportunity to customize the system behavior suggesting a choice: provide a callback of the advertising market banner or provide free demonstration of affiliate advertisement.

Smart contracts and data privacy

To ensure a high extent of process ability and safety of valuable information that should be protected from outside interference, we have decided to create an innovational technology of program-automats, which is designed by specialized forms-constructors and are applied for organization of internal business processes. Each smart contract is a final program that is performed in a protected program environment and has access to the all information inside the system. The functionality of a smart contract is deliberately limited by analytical functions only and gives a chance to work with data received in the process of autonomous operation using an algorithm of actions indicated beforehand. The purpose of this approach is the necessity to collect and organize users' personal data protection. Based on them, advertisers will be able to create complicated advertising campaigns aimed to form advertising information with an exceptional accuracy. For maintaining advertising campaigns, smart contracts are equipped with mechanisms to search the most suitable candidate for the advertising content display. In case when the number of displays is limited in the advertising campaign and the



targeting audience exceeds the acceptable number of displays, smart contract will implement actions to define the most suitable user based on the combination of personal factors and the highest cost of display. Smart Contracts are completely autonomous and don't depend on the operator's work. They are not able to distort results of their algorithms that is a guaranty of obligations implementation for campaign participants. Each smart contract leads to its own statistics by changing the condition, balance, payments and facts of the successful implementation of the scenario conditions by one or several participants. Smart contract is opened for an audit and available to view by each participant of the system without a possibility to edit or intervene into the process of operation. Anyone who wants may see the history that have led to write-offs using a system of monitoring for that. Smart contract accept facts on incoming events regarding an ad demonstration by transferring them into accrues.

System of selection of advertising campaign users

To ensure a right selection of users for whom the advertising campaign is conducted, the AdMine team has elaborated a concept of filters. Its idea is based on the principle of working with databases where the objects of selection is the users array, and the restrictions of the array are formed based on the customization of users' questionnaires characteristics. Each advertising campaign, before it is launched, has a possibility to assess the volume of the interested audience measuring the volume of audience by the complex of customized filters. Based on the received number, it is possible to make conclusions regarding the audience and what the advertising campaign owner may expect. Filters available for use are pre-configured and refer to the standard characteristics of users, up to their current location. As an example are the following several mostly demanded filters: age, gender, marital status, children, vehicle, current location. Applying advertising campaign filters narrows the circle of potential customers



of the advertisement creating conditions for detailed descriptions of the targeting audience.

Paid filters

Often advertising campaigns may be built based on data that were not provided by the users when filling questionnaire in the AdMine system. We have also ensured this and have elaborated a mechanism of paid filters, which advertising companies may use to collect additional data about users and, in the future, refer to their results. Each additional paid filter can play a key role in an advertising campaign. As an example, can be described the situation when the advertising campaign is oriented to the people owning specific brand of vehicles. To find out the users who have such vehicle, the brand may create a paid survey that will enable users to provide confirmed information and earn money for that. Without waiting for the survey to finish, such filter may become a basis for the operation of the advertising campaign. Often different companies may be interested in the same paid filters. For this purpose, we have elaborated a concept of sharing a financial load between all interested participants. If one of paid filters has been already launched in the system, after the newly created advertising campaign refers to it, the advertiser will need to share costs for that filter and pay a part of the price to the company-publisher. Each consequent participant wanting to buy results of a filter shares its cost proportionally, decreasing the financial load to each owner and enters into a joint financial cluster.

Types of advertising campaigns in the system

AdMine suggests several types of advertisements, which are available for advertising campaigns creation:

1. Static content demonstration in the form of banner, text or native advertisement



2. Video display 3. Implementation of marketing tasks (install a program, check in at stated address, completing survey form, passing quest, connecting to Wi-Fi and so on) 4. Product/service testing (games, gadgets, software) 5. Evaluation of the products and services quality 6. A banner inside the mobile application 7. Video inside the mobile application

Development strategy

Evaluation of competitors

Today, the main types of broker services, regarding the advertising content provision, are concentrated on traffic increase, bigger audience volume and selection of places, which deserve users' trust by transferring the ad from a usual image or moving banner into a category of video-blogs and context inserts. Each user is condemned to receive offers only from the category, which suggests him the informational resource that he has visited. On the market, there are definitely players who, from our point of view, have closely approached the solution of the problem of global advertising blindness and attempted to resolve the problem with imperfect methods, such as: creation of the own browser with monetization of advertisements, creation of distributed ecosystem of banner suggestions and others. From our point of view, the ways that are chosen by our competitors are not effective. They do not solve the main essence and are targeted only to a narrow circle of users. Our suggestion fits the interests of all media-advertising market participants. We have concentrated on receiving a maximal benefit from mutual collaboration by passing through the way of classical broker companies and choosing the best solutions for our future clients. We don't define our goal as to change the users' lifestyle and to earn more profits. We try to attract users' attention, suggest them to benefit from watching ads and give a chance to become advertising ecosystem participants. There is no doubt that only a mutual interest between advertisers and users will bring advertising to a new level. Such approach fully fits the lifestyle of the majority of people.



Stages of development

Stage 1:P reparation for launching the project and forming a team At this stage there were undertaken works, which accomplished requirements to the platform, as well as there were assigned key ropes in the team

Stage 2:Project work Elaboration of plans regarding the interaction between advertising markets and advertisers. At this stage we worked to identify models of behavior for platform participants, defined essences and minimal sets of communications.

Stage 3: L aunching the first components of the project First of all, we began to elaborate wallet and the basic part of the system. Then we added the components of the nucleus and targeted to create interface part. That time, the part of our command was engaged in advertising and idea promotion. We invited WINGS Foundation for the audit of our idea and attracting additional audience.

Stage 4:C reation of the protected storage At this stage we plan to start working on the shared and scalable storage of personal information that will be able to serve unlimited amount of smart contracts with a maximal speed.

S tage 5: Work on the system participants interfaces (user/advertiser/advertising market) When the basic part of the project will be ready we will be able to start creation of the interfaces of participants and define their own needs and the most frequent operations. At this stage, the most difficult will be the part of work with the constructor of advertising campaigns. Our team will devote most of time on elaboration to it and will try to make it the most convenient.

S tage 6:Work on smart contracts This stage will become a new milestone for the platform. We will design mechanisms of autonomous service for advertising campaigns and interactive elements of the system.

Stage 7: Launching the working version of the project At this stage we plan to launch project and create trial advertising campaigns. Creation of detailed documentation of the work with the interface.



S tage 8:U pdating the project with a correction of founded during the exploitation faults. After collection of data about possibilities in the use of the system, its strengths and weaknesses, we plan to collect modifications and launch an update that will collect all suggestions regarding improvements.

Funds allocation

Tokens allocation

5%public sales of Pre Sale ICO 60%public sales of ICO during crowdsale 10%users growth pool 15%will go to the AdMine team and will be blocked for 12 months 6%will go to the AdMine advisers and will be blocked for 12 months 2%will be sent to WINGS DAO  opening, evaluation, social promotion 2%Bounty program



WINGS DAO

To ensure an effective fundraising and involvement of independent experts groups, AdMedia team has engaged for cooperation WINGS project by giving users a chance to vote or express their opinion about the project.

WINGS DApp is a blockchain platform, which creates and unites a community of users who decided to launch, fund and promote new projects using a model of collective organization known as D (Decentralized Autonomous Organization).

Using WINGS project, AdMine will be able to look at the suggested approach objectively, will receive consultations from independent experts in different fields and will be able to create the best concept of the finished project.

Bounty program

2 000 000tokens will be allocated for overall for Bounty program.  Forum translation and moderation Campaign(Main and bounty threads) 10% (200 000 MCN) translate and bitcointalk threads moderation  ontent translation Campaign- 5% (100 000 MCN) translation white paper  Twitter campaign- 20% (400 000 MCN) reposts and tweets use hashtag admine  Facebook campaign- 20% (400 000 MCN) likes and reposts  Blogs/News about ICO- 20% (400 000 MCN) medium, reddit and other threads  Bitcointalk signature and avatar campaign- 10% (200 000 MCN) fix the ads with reference to the ico and logos in their profiles  Special rewards- 10% (200 000 MCN) fix brand status in society  Bug reporting / code audit campaign- 5% (100 000 MCN) check smart contract for bugs, forks and rhinestones



Team

The basis of the AdMine team is made up of world-class developers, we assembled a team of the best specialists from all areas and developed and elaborated own system of users' requests identification. Recent years, we have been actively studying the possibility of building a banner network based on the users' preferences in CPA advertising. The traffic volume of our system has exceeded millions of impressions per day. We have learnt to withstand a high load and have a wide experience in elaboration of software for highly loading systems, cryptography and blockchain, marketing and online games. Our knowledge and experience in the sphere of advertising give us a great advantage in comparison with the majority of projects in digital advertising.

MAX VORONKIN

COO Expert for Media and Advertising industry. 7+ years online advertising/digital marketing experience, participated in conclusion of direct contracts with Bing, Google, Yahoo and many others.

VITALIY KIREEV

Lead Business Analyst 6 years of experience in strategy and analytics. Strong knowledge of industry models of business, marketing and service processes. IT projects implementation. Fulfilled IT projects implementation.

EDUARD KUCHARH

Chief Arhitect Has a 10+ years experience of services, product development, leading technical teams. 5+ years working as an architect, building and supporting high volume SaaS products. Blockchain enthusiast.



VYACHESLAV DMITRIEV

Lead Blockchain Developer Blockchain technology expert. Participated in 3 ICO projects as a blockchain developer and advisor.



NADEZHDA KUSTIKOVA

Head of PR and Media Integration Expert in marketing industry with 20+ years experience, including leadership positions. Has a Bachelor's degree in Marketing and Advertisement.



OKSANA KNYAZEVA

Specialist of Marketing and Development 5 years of marketing or business development experience, creating and executing coordinated marketing strategies, building strong business relationships.



NATALIAS HASHKOVA Public Relations Manager Has more than 5yrs strong media relations, communications, brand marketing experience.



corporate



VITALY KRIACHEK

Public Relations Manager Has 4 years experience in public relations working with b2b technology and consumer technology.

STANISLAV OSTANIN

Relationship Manager Expert for public relations and marketing experience, with direct experience working with technology companies.



SERHII SHUM

Digital Producer Creative Director of AbeevVideo Production Studio. More than 20 years experience in marketing and digital production.

ANI AVETISYAN

Lead Editor and Copywriter CEO of Anglophone.ru.

ELENA DOROTSKAYA

Marketing Manager Expert for Marketing/Advertising industry, with more than 5 years experience.

IDAN ARDITI

Online Marketing Manager Has 3 years of digital marketing experience, including SEO, SEM, web analytics and targeting.



