affchain.io t.me/AffChain

AFFCHAIN Performance marketing on b lockchain

Executive s ummary

AffChain protocol allows to employ blockchain to broker deals in online advertising, therefore securing impartial algorithmic revenue share between advertisers, affiliate networks and publishers. A resulting smart-contract would for the first time introduce transparency and accountability of the digital advertising chain for all involved parties, including intermediaries, through a cryptographically verifiable value d istribution model, resistant t o d ata m anipulation, shaving, h idden fees a nd o ther t ypes of f raud.

The validity of the idea not only grounds in pure faith into the product, but also in the fact that affiliate marketing industry e xhibits interest in the potential benefits of blockchain and that major networks start to a dopt cryptocurrencies as means of payment. Affchain brings transparency, cost-efficiency and trust to performance-based affiliate marketing. Blockchain is the single solution to play down the impact of potentially unfair intermediaries and provide momentum for the $10 bln industry with the focus on partnership, cooperation and sales as opposed to clicks. With the introduction of Affchain technology the affiliate industry could become an important crypto pioneer among traditional businesses with the success manifested in growing t raffic, s ales, a nd the advancement o f b lockchain adoption.

Affchain is the first b lockchain affiliate marketing protocol, which eliminates the room for misconduct on intermediary level: hidden commissions, stats manipulation, fraud, etc. This would lead to more trust b etween t he p arties a nd h igher ROI for p erformance m arketing c ampaigns.

Affchain is the world's first p2p affiliate marketplace where businesses and affiliates meet directly. Their relations a re s ecured by smart contracts with the i ssue of trust notwithstanding.

AFF token is a utility token for Affchain ecosystem and is used as a fast, cheap and secured matter of value distribution between the parties in exact accordance with the fixed smart contract. Additionally, AFF token is a supply token for running Affchain protocol by any fair affiliate network. Sustainable demand for AFF token is supported by the need of businesses in new paying customers and sales.

Technology is a major driver for Affchain adoption. The protocol is based on Exonum blockchain framework, which p rovides necessary transaction capacity and a variety of customizing options in order to support existing data exchange formats and special market requirements, such as delayed payments (holds), variety of conversions available and conflict resolution mechanisms when needed. Affchain protocol is designed for flawless implementation within any affiliate network. Affchain p2p marketplace provides friendly interfaces for effective and confident cooperation with easy access to transparent smart-contract builder. Operations with AFF tokens will be simplified with a payment gateway for fast and cost-effective e xchange to other c urrencies w hen needed.

The team has proven experience in blockchain and affiliate marketing. Affchain is introduced by the founders of R unCPA, world first affiliate network for crypto economy with several major innovations delivered. The development team has solid experience in building high-load services, delivering scalable product a rchitecture and successful i ntroduction of c utting-edge t echnologies t o end-users.

A ccording to the roadmap, Affchain platform alpha release is scheduled for delivery in Q1 2018 and beta release to follow 2-3 months later. The team has confirmed agreement on testing alpha and beta releases on operational a ffiliate n etwork software.

A ffchain brings the benefits of blockchain into a highly efficient customer acquisition channel. Our goal is to bring together a growing performance marketing channel and blockchain in order to become a  major player for crypto economy mass a doption.



