Afterschool CREATING TOMORROW'S SUPERSTAR

version 1.6

Full Whitepaper

2 sided marketplace powered by blockchain



PAGE NUMBER

2

Abstract

This paper describes the crowdsourced booking and payment platform for the after school activity industry that will ultimately be scaled to digitalize other segment of education industry. The paper explains two main parts: 1. The current service of afterschool marketplace and the acitivity providers technology, and 2. the implementation of the blockchain technology and the Afterschool token.



PAGE NUMBER

3

Who we are

AfterSchool helps parents discover, select, book and pay for children's activities online through the web and mobile application platform. Every parent is constantly searching for the best after-school activities to help their child and on the other hand, after-school activity providers are constantly looking at effective ways to reach parents.

From theatre to arts, singing to dancing, fitness to various sporting activities, we have them all listed. The world is going mobile and with the new blockchain technology we are aiming to decentralize our platform to scale by incentivizing both parents and provider in afterschool platform. Afterschool has already launched their own mobile application to further assist parents.

The mobile application is available for free on Android as well as the Apple Store, being compatible with the latest software updates. One can simply register as a parent and benefit from the various offerings by Afterschool.

Afterschool have already generated $350K USD in revenue and helped activity providers to generate $1M of revenue coming from our marketplace platform.

Afterschool is comprised of 8 FTE's and still growing. Located in Ibn Battuta Gate Offices in Dubai, UAE, and Makati, Philippines, we're committed to provide our partners the best support in their business needs, which primarily covers customer sign-ups and advertisement efforts in our digital platforms.



PAGE NUMBER

4

What We Sell

Basically, we sell children activities to parents, while selling a business tool and an online market place for activity providers to display their activities in. Currently we also provide advertising platforms for listed activity partners, which we plan to open to other advertisers.

Keeping in mind our structure, we are not a listing website. Our USP is our unmatched `Booking Management System' with white label SaaS solution for activity providers were they can manage and engage with their existing customer. Parents and providers get their personalized dashboard to manage bookings and inquiries. The system also generates personalized invoices for bookings made through the platform.

With the integration of Ethereum blockchain, afterschool will introduce an e-wallet in order for parents to transact additional service in our marketplace.

Who we sell to

We sell our services to activity providers in GCC and South East Asia, with a highlight on our business tool, and an added bonus on our parent e-mail lists. We also cater to parents looking for after school activities for their kids.

We are also working hard to improve our website to accommodate advertisements of brands that parents can relate to.

Afterschool bridges the gap between parents who are looking for activities for their children and activity providers, who are looking at reaching parents to showcase their services to them.

So this is a win-win situation for parents as well as providers. Looking at the bigger picture, the aim is to showcase quality activities for children and assist them to make the most of it to develop real life skills.

Activities listed in Afterschool help children build relationships with other people; therefore, their social skills are sharpened. Moreover, these activities help them build personality and learn important life skills, such as teamwork, commitment, and conflict resolution. These activities can prepare children for a successful profession and achieve better overall performance in and out of school.



PAGE NUMBER

5

Blockchain Implementation

Afterschool democratizes after school activity marketplace and its booking management system by powering the platform using Ethereum Blockchain technology. This allows afterschool to be on top of rapidly moving trends in the edtech industry.

Using the Ethereum blockchain technology to incentivize the curating process of the information of the activities and reviews is the only reasonable and rationale way to keep our database up to date and relevant.

Afterschool will become a go-to currency for the afterschool industry as a whole. Besides using the tokens on the afterschool platform as a mode of payment, there will be an array of smart contract connected within the ed-tech ecosystem where afterschool tokens will be use as a core currency.

In this section, we first describe the Ethereum framework upon which the next version of afterschool is built. We then detail the interactions between Parents and the Activity Providers on how we are incentivizing them using the AST token that we will issue in the surface of ERC20 token standard.

Marketplace and Booking Management environment

Parents will always interact with the interface via web/mobile site or the mobile application, a front end written in Javascript that rewards the parents and the activity providers for participating in the platform.

Parent can utilize the AST token to book a kid's activity in the activity marketplace and for providers to use the functionality of the platform such as customer engagement or advertising an activity in the marketplace.



PAGE NUMBER

6



Using the smart contract, parents that provides service in the secondary marketplace that can promote activities that the provider is offering can negotiate with activity providers by creating a smart contract through the web3-eth protocol that defines the agreement.

Parents are rewarded with the following actions:  Registering to the service and account verification (welcome award)  Referring friends  Promoting the service  Adding children into the database  Curating existing providers  Reviewing existing providers  Writing editorial content

Providers are rewarded with the following actions:  Registering to the service and account verification (welcome award)  Adding existing profiles  Promoting the service  Adding parents and children into the database  Curating existing providers  Replying in parent's review  Writing editorial content

The following methods give an overview of the interaction between the different methods related to the afterschool marketplace.



Registration / Marketplace Participation



Booking an Activity



Marketplace for Parents



Parents



Market Participation



Rewarding System



Booking Management



Payments from Parents

Market Particpation



Booking Management

Usage



Providers



Importing Existing Data



Payments from Providers



Driven by Smart Contract

Marketplace for Providers



Payments from Parents



Spending AST Token



Earning AST Token



PAGE NUMBER

7



AST token environment

The Afterschool Token (AST) are sold during an initial period to the general public. They are ERC20 compatible and can therefore be easily transferred or sold among users of ETH, using standard methods. Moreover, the Afterschool team is in contact with major exchanges to list AST tokens on multiple exchanges shortly after the initial sale ends.

Parents get the set amount of AS token by participating in the afterschool platform such as editorial content distribution, validating activities, reviewing activity providers, and providing service in the secondary marketplace. AST tokens are necessary to be use for the afterschool marketplace platform. They can be acquired directly on the Afterschool application via the rewarding system, during the initial sale, or bought on exchanges in the secondary market.

In order to be able to sell AST tokens to new users to allow parents and activity providers, Afterschool team will have to be a constant buyer of tokens in the secondary market. To ensure stability in the sale of AST tokens in the short term, Afterschool will start with a small fund of tokens to distributed to parents and activity providers as a bounty, which will have to be supplemented by purchases in the secondary market to refill the fund as Afterschool userbase grows.



AST Token Environment Parents



Marketplace for Parents



Rewarding System



Booking Management



Providers



Spending AST Token



Marketplace for Providers

Earning AST Token



PAGE NUMBER

8



ICO Campaign

The business will need additional capital in order to scale the business to South East Asia and through out the globe.

Afterschool token (AST)

Afterschool token is a virtual currency that will be accepted and used by the parents and providers that uses our platform. AST will be primarily used as a payment method and incetivizing our users on our platform.

Why buy afterschool tokens now

We have made an approximate forecast of an increase in AST value. According to our plan, it will happen because the AST price is now only 0.05 USD. The post-ICO price will be almost twice as high.



Campaign Goal Stages

Stage 1 (10% of campaign goal) Stage 2 (11%-50% of campaign goal) Stage 3 (51%-70% of campaign goal) Stage 4 (71%-91% of campaign goal)

Stage 5 (91%-100% of campaign goal)



Discount

60% 30% 20% 15%

10%



This means that if you take part in the ICO now, we offer to increase your capital at least two times, with a very probable increase to about 5 times.

We are deliberately not taking into consideration situations that happen rarely, such as when the value of a campaign's cryptocurrency increases, say, to x180 times (and this is also possible).



PAGE NUMBER

9

ICO Terms

In case the ICO does not reach the envisioned amount, none of the development or marketing activities will be completely omitted, but the dynamics of their execution might change. We'll rely on operating profits to fuel growth.

If needed, our operations will only be scaled down to extend the runway far enough to achieve all development and marketing goals we've set. Unsold tokens will be transferred into the marketing budget. Tokens will be locked into a smart contract and accessible after one year, when the global marketing campaign will begin.

The lockdown is to prove the contributors we believe in the value of the afterschool token and as reassurance that the tokens won't be sold immediately and will be spent only for the marketing and sales activities.

Distribution of Issued Tokens

Total number of generated AST: 800,000,000  60% of tokens will be sold in the ICO to secure funds for further product development,

operations and international expansion  15% of tokens will be held by project founders and the rest of the team that helped to  bring the project to life with their hard work and dedication  10 % of tokens will be given to early stage angel investors, true believers,  who showed a lot of trust and provided rocket fuel for our idea  7% of tokens is intended for the initial stocking of the bounty pool to award contributors,

who help build and curate our database of entities  8% of tokens will be awarded to our advisors and ambassadors that helped the project

with their knowledge and expertise

Fund Distribution

 30% of contributions is intended to cover the technical development costs of the  upcoming service features, including non-technical product development, and project

management, team management and business development. This also includes to cover the costs of adding new entities into the database, internally curating existing ones and setting up a support center.



PAGE NUMBER

10



 60% of contributions will fund the first marketing phase, covering basic marketing operations, including advertising campaigns for user acquisition and branding  25% of contributions will cover the costs of direct sales to our target audiences, including direct calls and personal meetings  15% of contributions will finance a global, ongoing PR campaign, targeted towards specialized and mainstream media  60% of contributions will cover the costs of an ongoing global ad campaign covering all relevant media outlets, designed to increase our userbase and assure marketplace liquidity

 10% of contributions will cover day-to-day operations, office rent, office equipment, travel expenses and legal fees

 el expenses and legal fees

Payment amount bonus



More than, ETH

3,000 2,000 1,500 1,000 750 500 300 200 150 100

75 50



Additional AST tokens %

+13% +12% +11% +10% +9% +8% +7.5% +7% +6% +5.5% +5.0% +4.5%



More than, ETH

30 20 15 10 7 5 3 2 1 0.5 0.20 0.10



Additional AST tokens %

+4.0% +3.5% +3.0% +2.5% +2.0% +1.5% +1.0% +0.5% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0%



PAGE NUMBER

11

Company Overview

Afterschool was established in 2015 by Searchfuse Marketing Management, our technology partner who provides all our development needs, are digital marketing experts based in Dubai. Afterschool is a 2-sided decentralize marketplace for parents wanting to book after school activities and summer camps for their children, and at the same time helping activity provider to acquire, manage and engage with their customer and make more money. Our platform is primarily focused in the GCC and plans to expand internationally by providing activity providers an end to end solution. Joanna Nazareno is the founder and 100% owner of Afterschool as sole a proprietor.

Company History

Founded with $200,000 of start-up capital by Joanna Nazareno, Afterschool has become a full-time endeavor. At first focused entirely on web technology, Afterschool has added mobile application on both iOS and Android in Q1 of 2016 based from the data analysis. This has allowed Afterschool to provide an extended reach to parents that are on the go. Afterschool has grown significantly in the last 6 months. In order to keep moving forward, we regularly add newer features. Over the last few weeks we have identified and added additional categories in our space such as special needs, birthday packages, play areas and nurseries. Another move would be expanding to neighbouring countries in the Middle East such as Qatar and Bahrain as well as in the emerging market Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia and Philippines.



PAGE NUMBER

12

Management Team

Joanna Nazareno, Founder A mother of three, Joanna Nazareno has always worked in the field of children and education. She has worked for 7 years with Taaleem Education and 2 years at Victory Heights Primary school before she envisioned Afterschool. Joanna is the Founder and operates as the Head of Business.

Her responsibilities include, but not limited to:  Advise the team and carry out daily tasks  Set sales targets, and guide the team through it  Oversee daily operations, project planning, and special events, working closely with

each department  Personnel management (recruitment, hiring, training, evaluation and termination of

staff)  Supervision of marketing strategy and creatives  Networking with business heads and the target group i.e. Moms in the UAE

Pam Saroy-Williams, Head of Sales With sales as her forte, Pam has in all 8 years of sales experience. She has worked at Financial Times for 3 years and with Hays Digital for 5 years before she started working with Afterschool and took over as Head of Sales.

Her responsibilities include, but not limited to:  Responsible for meeting the sales targets of the organization through effective plan-



PAGE NUMBER

13



ning and budgeting  Seeks support of sales team by backing up the targets for the sales executives  Devises strategies and techniques necessary for achieving the sales targets  Decides the future course of action for his team members.  Mapping of potential customers and generate leads for the organization.  Maintaining and improving relationships with the client



Ferina Millwala, Sales Assistant As a sales assistant, Ferina works hand-in-hand with the sales head to achieve desired sales.



His responsibilities include, but not limited to:







Making outbound sales calls







Converting prospects into customers



 Meeting sales targets



Cottie Ayad, Operations Manager With a background of online business administration, Cottie manages the administration for Afterschool. Prior to Afterschool, she has worked with Yadig.com for 2 years.



Her responsibilities includes, but not limited to:







Managing the day-to-day customer requests







Sharing leads with the sales time







Maintaining, ordering and distributing office supplies as needed







Supervising maintenance of equipment and machinery







Serving as liaisons between corporate officials and customers or clients



Pawel Iwanow, Non-Executive Advisor Working as an advisor for a number of companies over the last 10 years, Pawel is a non executive advisor on board Afterschool.  Their responsibilities include, but not limited to:  Program development  Develop and implement outreach program



PAGE NUMBER

14



Searchfuse Marketing Management, Partner Searchfuse Marketing Management are digital marketing experts, based in Dubai. Searchfuse is on board as a technology partner and has developed the platform for Afterschool. Additionally, the company represents Afterschool legally.

Products and Services

The website for parents includes a booking management system where they can see the activities they booked, schedules, prices, and location in an easy-to-use interface. They can also leave online reviews to providers and chat them up directly, all on the website. The website also has a chat support for parents having a hard time looking for an activity.

The providers are also equipped with an amazing business tool where they can create activity pages all on their own. They can change the activity name, upload photos, plot their activity's schedule, and pin their location in Google Maps, among others. They can also see how many parents viewed and booked their activity through the reports tab. Providers can also reply to parents who messaged them via this platform, along with email notifications sent to their mail when a booking is made, or when parents are messaging them to inquire. Additionally providers receive a white-label mobile app to engage with their existing customers.

Our mission is to incentivize both parents and providers by decentralizing the platform with the afterschool token which can be redeem in the marketplace .



Competitors



Activity Hero



Jackrabbitclass



Marketplace

SaaS Solution Provider Mobile

Application

Global Market



Proclass



Afterschool.ae Tender roots Our direct competitors in market are

Activityhero, Expatwoman, UAE4kids and Timeoutkids - Their solution does not address the convenience of direct booking to the activity providers.



As for our in-direct, search engines is what we believe is our competitor. We would like to be the main source of activities for parents that are looking for an activity for their child.



PAGE NUMBER

15

Target Market



$22

Billion

USA



$5

Billion

GCC



$0.5

Billion UAE



$4

Billion

SEA



Market Overview In the US, after-school program generated $22 billion revenue in 2015. Globally we estimated that about $40 billion after-school program market industry.

As of 2014, there are around 1,500,000 children aged 4-18 years old in UAE. It is also estimated that about Dh8,300 is spent per child per year in leisure activities and hobbies. This is a Dh12.45 billion-industry only in the UAE.

The above market research is an indication of how much parent spend per child in the UAE on a yearly basis.

Market Needs Before Afterschool was introduced to the UAE, parents in the area had no convenient way of looking for after school activities for their children. Our founder, Joanna Nazareno, realised the need for such a product after experiencing the dilemma of calling a bunch of providers and browsing a bunch of websites just to look for after school activities. An initial feasibility study was also conducted and found a substantial number of parents having the



PAGE NUMBER

16

same dilemma.

With an initial survey with a sample group, it was found that 97% of parents found problems when booking for after school activities and said that they will welcome the idea of an online after school market place, which is what Afterschool now is.

From the providers side, managing existing customer is a tedious job, using pen and paper and typically traditional platform such as excel and email. With afterschool, we enable activity provider to use a single platform solution to manage their existing customer and staff from scheduling activities, booking, accepting online/offline payments, and loyalty program.

Marketing Plan

Afterschool's marketing strategy also aims to educate parents and providers of the availability of such a platform and encourage them to log in and use the same. One of the most important business assets of Afterschool is its growing parents database. Afterschool maintains a blogs that publish useful content for parents, which assists in gathering e-mails for newsletters.

Afterschool also aims to position the website as the best tool in helping parents book their kids' activities. Though we receive a lot of traction through word of mouth, it is imperative for us to establish recall value. When someone thinks of children's activities, they need to think of Afterschool.

Positioning Afterschool also aims to position the website and the mobile application as the best tool in helping parents book their kids' activities. Though we receive a lot of traction through word of mouth and events, it is imperative for us to establish recall value. When someone thinks of children's activities, they need to think of Afterschool.

Pricing The business model of Afterschool is simple, yet effective. We keep the parent registrations free, as we want them to make the most of the platform. Providers pay a minimum fee to list themselves. We have 2 different subscription packages depending on the provider preferences.



PAGE NUMBER

17

Promotion  Weekly newsletters sent out to a data base of 25,000 parents and 1,000 activity pro-

viders  Social media posts to 80,000+ followers across various social media platforms  On-going PR coverage in newspapers, parenting and entrepreneurial magazines and

online publications  Event participation and Cross-promotion  Direct marketing activities in key residential areas (flyers)  Search engine marketing via Organic and Paid Search as well as Social Paid Ads  Display Advertising and Remarketing  On-going advertisements in local newspapers and niche magazines

Distribution We promote children's activities, offered by the various registered providers on board. We sell our annual subscription plans to these providers, who then reach out to parents on the online platform offered by Afterschool. The model is simple, the provider registers, adds their activity details and we promote the same to parents. Once parents book, they liaise directly with the providers, through our unmatched communicative platform.

The distribution of our services is currently available, but not limited to the United Arab Emirates via Mobile and Web Platform. Expansion is definitely on the cards. As a team, we stretch as far as our providers do and cover most areas across the 7 Emirates and extend in other markets.



PAGE NUMBER

18



Roadmap



2015  Afterschool beta launch and market global analysis







Project architecture development







Prototyping







Self funding







Platform development



2016  Generated a total $2M GMV for activity providers







New web and mobile interface







Expanded team in the Philippines







Added nurseries and schools listing







Launched white label solution for providers



2017  Total revenue generated $350K USD



September 2017 ICO



November 2017  Acquire Incumbent player in Indonesia, Singapore and Malaysia



Deceber 2017 - Afterschool public launch built with ethereum blockchain







Infrastructure development







Mode of payment development







Community development







Support program launch



2018







Reward system launch







Launch in Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, Malaysia, Bahrain and Qatar







E-wallet Development







New UX and UI Interface







Gamification mechanics loyalty program







Localization







Integration with additional platforms from Etherium ecosystem



2019







Launch in Russia, India, China and Japan







List in the trade exchange



2020







Launch in Netherlands, Switzerland, Denmark and Australia



