Ichechieck Nteogwuija [Pick the date]



AKROCOIN CROWDFUNDING



WHITE PAPER



CONTENT



1



DISCLAIMER



3



1. INTRODUCTION



3



1.1 About Akrocoin



3



1.2 Why Akrocoin?



5



2. DESIGN & CONCEPT



5



2.1 Background and significance of blockchain



5



2.2 Vision of Akrocoin



7



3. WHAT IS AKROCOIN



8



3.1 Decentralized financial services



9



1 | Page



4. ADVANTAGES OF A DECENTRALIZED PLATFORM



10



4.1 Introduction to decentralized currency



10



4.2 Digital currency as alternative currency



10



4.2.1 Anonymity



11



4.2.2 Freedom and Flexibility



11



5. AKROCOIN MARKET & INFRASTRUCTURE



12



5.1 Borderless payments



14



5.2 ICO structures



14



5.2.1 ICO coin distribution



14



6. FOUNDATION OF AKROCOIN



15



6.1 Overview/objectives



15



7. AKROCOIN ECONOMY



17



7.1 How Akrocoin economy works



17



7.2 Akrocoin token explained



17



7.2.1 Allocation & supply



18



8. TOKEN & CROWD SALE DISTRIBUTION



18



8.1 Akrocoin token distributions summary



19



8.2 Summary of bonus structure with date



19



9. ROADMAP



21



10. CONCLUTION



22



2 | Page



DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY CONSULT LEGAL AND FINANCIAL EXPERTS FOR FURTHER GUIDANCE

The following information may be incomplete and in no way implies a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that all information in this white paper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes professional advice. Akrocoin Ltd. Neither guarantees nor accepts responsibility for the accuracy, reliability, current (as of this White Paper) or completeness of this content. Individuals intending to invest in this platform should seek independent professional advice prior to acting on any of the information contained in this paper. The coin is open to anyone who understands the risk involved in lending practices however, akrocoin.com is not involves in any illegal practices. We aim to create a serious platform which could bring value to all participants.

1. INTRODUCTION

1.1 ABOUT AKROCOIN

AkroCoin ("AKR") is committed to develop a payment solution for the blockchain industry different from all cryptocurrencies. AkroCoin will create an enabling and friendly platform that encourages transfer of digital currency in the peer-to-peer protocol of a typical blockchain network.

3 | Page



With the help of Akrocoin platform participants would have a taste of innovative and highly secured peer-to-peer network where coin holder can make transactions anonymously with the highest level of security.

AkroCoin's blockchain based investment network aims to change the digital financial lending sphere. Your participation in the crowdfunding, would have a lending status in a way that you benefit from your investment with very good and competitive rate that varies depending on the listed market that your coins are being traded on. To provide and hedge, on the Akrocoin platform, you would have a fixed percentage rate on your investment portfolio depending on which it fall into. See the lending opportunity matrix for detailed information.

As a participant of the Akrocoin crowding, you would have a number of participatory gateway through which you engage with the system to enjoy the dividend of your investment as well as part of your contribution to improving the value of the coin. You would have the opportunity to increase the value of your coin by referrals, by lending to the system and earn more benefits. This is uncommon with other coins. So you don't have your money tie down to only one source of earning but a number sources, which means more value on the coin and more cash out from your wallet.

Akrocoin team through tenacious study of the blockchain technology and the cryptocurrency industry at large has come up with a unique wallet and payment gateway system that will be fully integrated with a live calculator, where you would get live information regarding the value and the amount of coin due to cashout in your wallet. 4 | Page



1.1 WHY AKROCOIN?

AkroCoin is encrypted decentralized digital currency transferred between peers. It employs the highly secure peer-to-peer network operating under the blockchain protocol. This makes all transactions safe and anonymous to all our users. An innovative solution provides users simpler, safer and faster method to make the online payments. People from all fields can earn benefit of AkroCoin for their own sake. AkroCoin is built to act as a digital currency that can meet the highest modern technology criterion, but also become the most user friendly currency. Our innovative and intuitive model accommodates easy to use our system without any hassle. Our management team commit to follow the roadmap to increase the value of AkroCoin and promote it to become leading coin in the global market.

2. DESIGN & CONCEPT

2.1 THE BACKGROUND AND SIGNIFICANCE OF BLOCKCHAIN Prior to this time, TCP/IP protocol has been the significant method used to transport information globally. A significant development that transcend that spectrum was the development and introduction of the Interconnection technology known as the internet, as well as the virtual reality or augmented reality  has brought more ways to interact

5 | Page



among people, which made more entities to become digitalized and tokenized. Despite the development of internet technology, information sharing and transmission wasn't enough to meet the need of the economic society. The economic society would have more need to transfer funds without any form of centralized control. People have often soughed for that freedom of online transaction in a way that it fulfills the peer to peer needs. One of the past peer to peer solution where value and asset can be transferred peer to peer without the involvement of third parties, was the Bitcoin network. Similarly, Akrocoin Blockchain whitepaper will introduce the practical implementation of a VLAN Trunking Protocol (VTP) in the digital payment spectrum over the internet.

Akrocoin provides investors a whopping ROI of upto 48% once they become part of the crowdfunding. This is almost impossible with the fiat 6 | Page



system. What would take any fiat financial system to give you in a year, would take us an average of 45 days to remit your ROI.

This is achievable with the help of the highly intelligent bot built for Akrocoin by professionals with proven and background-check knowledge on the cryptcurrency and the fiat currency market.

With the world getting connected, an increasing number of companies leverage on the internet to find new customers worldwide. Almost all the industries are actively creating and innovating around the internet to provide solutions to human needs and problem and these a investment around the digital sphere is something sustainable.

In a result, Akrocoin team aimed to provide better and possible facilities, and to strengthen the crypto payment industry by using the Bockchain ecosystem through a smart contract with Bitcoin.

Satoshi Nakamoto announced the Bitcoin Whitepaper on the 31st of October 2008 titled "Bitcoin, A Peer to Peer Electronic Cash System" where it was introduced to establish a decentralized system of value transfer. Every participant of the network is a relevant stakeholder; whereby value is transferred between two parties without necessarily establishing a trust relationship. The technology has changed the way value is obtained and shared with a decentralized, peer-to-peer community.

2.2 VISION OF AKROCOIN

Akrocoin if the cryptocurrency of the future that is fully committed to maintaining a perfect block chain system that guarantees the ability to 7 | Page



generate constant profit within the large price swing of the Bitcoin cryptocurrency. As part of the reason for this ICO, the goal of the Akrocoin is to create a pool of investors who believe in the economic realities of the blockchain system and the digital economy at large. By creating a pool of investors, we will have a strong system that can sustain itself while trading with other cryptocurrencies. We do not only hope to provide you with the coin but also to provide a peer-to-peer system with extra facilities that ensure we have a perfect running blockchain system.

3. WHAT IS AKROCOIN?

AkroCoin is encrypted decentralized digital currency transferred between peers. It employs the highly secure peer-to-peer network operating under the blockchain protocol. This makes all transactions safe and anonymous to all our users. An innovative solution provides simpler, safer and faster way to make the payments for users. People from all fields can earn benefit of AkroCoin for their own sake. AkroCoin is built to act as an digital currency that can meet the highest modern technology criterion, but also become the most user friendly currency. Our innovative and intuitive model accommodates easy to use our system without any hassle.

8 | Page



Our management team commit to follow the roadmap to increase the value of AkroCoin and promote it to become leading coin in the global market.

3.1 DECENTRALIZED FINANCIAL SERVICES

In the rural resource network, activities such as approval of purchase, document verifications, viewing of transactions, and transaction details are not done by a central authority but with the combination of the POS and POW.

That means you do not have to be scare of whether the token distribution would be based on the proof of stakes (POS) only, but a combination of both the Prove of Stakes and The Prove of Work (POW).

Akrocoin doesn't have any central authority. This eliminates centralized overhead such as centralizing al payments at one place in big organizations. In financial terms Akrocoin helps you decentralize everything suitable for the technology.

Our foundation will provide transparency for financial management, code management and business practices, and will maintain high standard of honesty, ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations.

To further make Akrocoin a truly open source community, during the ICO, all the bonuses will be distributed in phases 40 for the first phase, 30 for the second phase, 20 for the third phase, and 10 respectively. All the coins will be distributed for business implementation with nothing

9 | Page



remaining so there is no way the POS would overpower the POW, rather they will work hand in hand to vet every transactions.

4. ADVANTAGES OF A DECENTRALIZED PLATFORM

4.1 INTRODUCTION TO DECENTRALIZED CURRENCY

A number of payment systems are used to access the rural resource network such as book for holiday visit at a village in La Cruz and the likes. Many are built on platforms like the mobile phone, the internet, and the digital storage card.

Alternative payment systems such as PayPal, Apple Pay, Google Wallet, BitPesa, FAST, and the likes are seen with their continuous growth. However, beyond the payment system which is based on the fiat currency the new coin, Akrocoin would offer faster, more flexible, and more innovative payments and ways in financing rural resources goods and services.

4.2 DIGITAL CURRENCY AS ALTERNATIVE CURRENCY.

Digital and virtual are often used interchangeably when people describe currency based on electronic medium. Although, the term "Virtual" has a negative connotation, it signals something real but not extremely real in the ideal sense in that they cannot by some means be touch and felt with the hands. They only exist on electronic log files.

However, the currencies often described as "virtual" are in the real sense of implication very "real," in that they exist. Hence, the more

10 | P a g e



neutral term, digital currency is generally preferred over virtual currency.

4.2.1 ANONYMITY

One of the major reason for the popularity of Bitcoin since it was offered is because of its inherent privacy. Such currency allows people to make the Face of Anonymous e.g; hide the transactions while remaining totally anonymous to enhance privacy.

What this means is that if you purchase something online with the help of Bitcoins, there is insignificant chance of your transaction being tracked. Decentralized currency makes exchange similar to cash exchanges. This is different from the fiat system, e.g; using a bank account where your private details are disclosed through the account number. While in terms of Akrocoin payment gateway al your transactions are totally anonymous and never being tracked.

4.2.2 FREEDOM AND FLEXIBILITY

One of the general advantage for a decentralized and distributed system is that rather than consolidating freedom and flexibility of actions to the whims of a single, central agent, it allots those qualities to all agents participating in the system.

Flexibility and security is a major advantage that comes with the use of a decentralized system. Your location doesn't matter with the use of blockchain technology. The blockchain system of financial transaction is more independent and decentralized to give you a total freedom over your transactions. 11 | P a g e



5. AKROCOIN MARKET & INFRASTRUCTURE

Every market has its own infrastructure and working ways for it. No matter, if it is dependent on another markets or industry. The blockchain & cryptocurrency market holds billions of money in the virtual world, which enables holders of the coin to transfer high value money to each other. The infrastructure of Akrocoin platform, will depends on how people from all works of life (who has stake in the coin), use the coin. If we take a freelancer for example, a freelancer who decides to participate in the ICO that would be entitled to a prove of stake, the market infrastructure will look thus:

12 | P a g e



13 | P a g e



With the Akrocoin Coin system, hurdle such depict above is eliminated and transfer of digital funds becomes very easy for everyone with a stake in the coin.

5.1 BORDERLESS PAYMENTS Sending and receiving payment across ones border is something that demands urgency in transaction. In this term, Akrocoin payment solution is available to solve the issue. This platform is user friendly to ensure an online economy where people transacts using fiat currency achieve this within a seconds with minimal charge, transparency, with the highest level of security.

5.2. ICO STRUCTURES Funds raised during the ICO will be used solely for the development of AKROCOIN network. The following distribution of funds is preliminary and can be a subject to change as you belong to the system, because the system does not belong to a particular person but to as many as will purchase the coin.

5.2.1 ICO FUND DISTRIBUTION Cryptocurrencies give investors a great opportunity to invest in a field that is revolutionizing the world. Those who invest very early will likely be very successful, like the ones who did with Internet companies. With AkroCoin, you have the opportunity to be part of the adventure from the beginning when its price is still very low.

14 | P a g e



6. FOUNDATION OF AKROCOIN

6.1 OVERVIEW / OBJECTIVES The internet today is flooded with thousands of fiat currency based payment gateways. Big companies choose it accordingly. However,

15 | P a g e



there are some problems, which generate infinite non-resolvable issues for the payment gateway users. The problem of regular payment gateways includes but not limited to:

International but risky payments High transfer fees No requirement of KYC norms, so no risk of misuse of personal documents Involvement of third party in payment system Slow transaction process High security maintained but human mistakes makes it vulnerable to hackers Many payment gateways can free your account whenever they want, with their hidden terms and conditions Recurring billing on account setup costs Limitations in terms of geographical coverage Although there are tons of alternative when it comes to online payment processing systems, one should be careful to consider some key factors as identified above, and amongst all, the most significant consideration that needs to be put under scrutiny is that of the setup fee, security of customers' information and transactions, time taken to process payments, and flexibility of currencies. Also withdrawal charges and exchange charges needs to be put into consideration.

16 | P a g e



7. AKROCOIN ECONOMY

7.1 HOW AKROCOIN ECONOMY WORKS? The Akrocoin whitepaper aims at describing an innovative solution that provide user with a simpler, safer and faster method that guarantees them optimal access to their transaction. By harnessing the highest technological criterion and innovations, our model overcomes most of the industry constraints that not only proposes measures to significantly improves the payment schema but to develop an independent means (AKR) that serves as a criterion to other cryptocurrencies. AKROCOIN will not only leverage on the existing blockchain system but will proffer additional and sustainable ways through which AKR will increase its value when traded against other cryptocurrency through various innovative programs such as: lending program, affiliate program, staking program, and mining algorithm.

7.2 AKROCOIN TOKEN EXPLAINED AKR is the token that will be issues in the AKROCOIN crowdfunding. It is totally dependent on a smart, secure & fast blockchain network. It is a token that follows a mono verification method of proof of stake security principles it will also deploy a number of programs that will make it sustainable and constantly increase in value when traded alongside other cryptocurrency by engaging in mining activities, staking program, affiliate program, and lending program.

17 | P a g e



7.2.1 ALLOCATION & SUPPLY

Typically, there are two ways people can get involved in a cryptocurrency. On the one hand, they can buy in and on the other hand, they can sell it. In both cases users are increasing the value of the particular currency that they are using.

However, this is a custom token and a payment solution, especially designed to provide and efficient digital payment solutions for a peerto-peer payment industry, though it could be said Akrocoin has a highly promising future due to its well-developed roadmap and promises it holds for the coin.

8. TOKEN & CROWD SALE DISTRIBUTION



ICO contributors,

82%



Advisory & escrow Reserved funds ICO contributors Pre-ICO contributors



Pre-ICO contributors, 8%

Advisory & Reserved funds, escrow, 4%

6%



18 | P a g e



8.1 AKROCOIN TOKEN DISTRIBUTIONS SUMMARY

Crowdsale (PRE-ICO): 0.72 million Akrocoin Tokens Crowdsale Process (ICO): 7.38 million Akrocoin Tokens Reserved funds: 0.54 million Akrocoin Tokens Advisory & escrow: 0.36 million Akrocoin Tokens

The tokens are used to power the Akrocoin payment solution and as a mean to reward or get rewarded for participation in the peer payments. Each payment on the system has an associated cost specified in Akrocoin token. As soon as the payments are carried out on the Akrocoin platform, the coin is transferred from one participant to another.

Akrocoin tokens crowd sale will be distributed in ten phases. Of each of these ten rounds, only investors in the presale-ICO phase will enjoy up to 30% extra bonus tokens. Following the coin distribution, AKR will be traded against other cryptocurrencies on both external exchanges and Akrocoin dedicated cryptocurrency exchange platform.

8.2 SUMMARY OF BONUS STRUCTURE WITH DATE

Pre-sale: (15th Dec)1,200,000 AKR tokens with 30% bonus Round 1: (18 Dec  21 Dec) 900,000 AKR tokens Round 2: (21 Dec  23 Dec) 900,000 AKR tokens Round 3: (23 Dec  25 Dec) 800,000 AKR tokens

19 | P a g e



Round 4: (25 Dec  27 Dec) 800,000 AKR tokens Round 5: (27 Dec  29 Dec) 700,000 AKR tokens Round 6: (29 Dec  1 Jan) 700,000 AKR tokens Round 7: (1 Jan  3 Jan) 600,000 AKR tokens Round 8: (3 Jan  5 Jan) 600,000 AKR tokens Round 9: (5 Jan  7 Jan) 500,000 AKR tokens Round 10: (7 Jan  9 Jan) 500,000 AKR tokens Once these lots are completed, no further tokens will be generated. A maximum of 9 million tokens will be generated, of those 0.54 million tokens will be kept as reserve. While in the process of crowd sale, a maximum of 8.1 million Akrocoin tokens will be sold during the crowd sale.

9. ROADMAP

20 | P a g e



21 | P a g e



10. CONCLUSION

Akrocoin is more than just a coin. It's a coin with technology poised to streamline the entire digital payment systems. It is also an economy where its product (coin) will be traded against other cryptocurrencies, and also where its coin would be borrowed out for returns to shareholders. In other words, we do not only offer a decentralized payment mechanism based on the blockchain, but also a sustainable economy that produces, manages & securely send/receive large number of transaction each & every second.

22 | P a g e



23 | P a g e



