Whitepaper

Alttradex is a tokenised cryptocurrency exchange designed to improve the experience of trading alt coins via a trading platform with a focus on security, communication, technology and transparency. Using an ambassador membership model, Alttradex token holders will be able to directly impact platform growth and receive commissions for doing so. Alttradex is currently in the later stages of agreeing a partnership that would make it the first cryptocurrency exchange to operate under traditional financial exchange licence.

The Alttradex ICO and token issuance will help fund the growth of the platform and increase liquidity and volumes traded via intensive marketing strategy as well as the development of additional features.



The Market

The alt coin market is growing at a huge pace, with the market cap of all the alt coins recently reaching one hundred billions dollars and new coins created daily (admittedly, some more credible than others). Still, the markets are in their infancy stages with only a few million active users and, with the financial trading industry being worth trillions, the potential for growth of the alt coin industry is huge.



Capitalising on that growth even at these early stages are the exchanges, with the top ten exchanges generating revenues estimated to already in the billions from the millions of BTC and ETH volume they transact daily. With only 6M active users on all of these exchanges, the potential for growth as cryptocurrencies get adopted by the mainstream is immense.



Daily Vol. BTC



Daily Vol. USD



Large Exchange (Top 3)



100k BTC +



$300,000,000



Medium Exchange (Top 15)



50k BTC +



$150,000,000



Small Exchange (Top 30)



5k BTC +



$15,000,000



Daily Volumes On Different Size Exchanges



Currently there are several popular cryptocurrency trading platforms, some of which are more professional than others and all of which have their perks and problems. We believe that with a focus on safety, communication with traders, a solid support team structure as well as increased transparency alongside the incentives we provide backers for holding our token and trading on the platform, we can compete with these platforms from day one. Our aim is to compete with medium size exchanges within the short term (12 months) and the large ones within the medium term (36 months) with the aim of becoming the largest within 60 months. This growth combined with the growth of cryptocurrency over the next 5-10 years would create a near unprecedented opportunity as a participant in an exchange.

UPDATE: A recent ICO for a different trading platform based in Asia that was similarly structured has just been successful and, now the platform is live, the volumes are several times our current targets, further strengthening our belief that this is the best way to ensure early adoption of the trading platform and ensure revenues from day one.

The exchange

A modern, state of the art interface which focuses on 4 mains aspects: safety, usability, transparency and liquidity. Users will be able to access instant liquidity, use technical tools and implement trading strategies in a simple, efficient way that makes trading your token portfolio as straight forward as possible. A focus on transparency from the platform's staff will ensure that users are kept updated in the event of issues and rotating 24 hour support teams strategically located around the globe. A proper support structure will ensure that all queries are solved quickly and efficiently so that Alttradex can be the go to platform for cryptocurrency traders.

Many of the major cryptocurrencies will be listed from day one, with Fiat currencies and other features to be introduced after launch, once initial feedback has been analysed and implemented. As new currencies emerge in the cryptospace, we will introduce more coins on the platform. Every coin that we provide on our platform will go through a rigorous audit process, ensuring both our users and our reputation is protected by only introducing the best products on our platform. A dedicated team will visit upcoming ICO teams to ensure we can be the first to provide liquidity for those of you who participated in them. In order to ensure security, 95% of the coins will be kept in cold storage, with the development of a decentralised system, whereby users will not need to hold their coins on the platform's wallets to trade them, will be introduced in the medium term.

As stated previously, Alttradex is in the latter stages of talks to be the first cryptocurrency exchange platform to operate under a traditional financial exchange license. One of the foundations of the Alttradex platform is transparency, an area many current platforms lack in and that we believe will become key for platforms as regulation comes in. Alttradex will eventually be scrutinized and audited just as a traditional platform would as these regulations do take effect. As backers and future



traders on our platform, this gives you the upmost assurance that we are committed to becoming one of the key players as cryptocurrency becomes more mainstream and that the platform will be fully compliant and, as a result, we have put a heavy emphasis on security of client funds and the platform as a whole. By gaining a licence and preempting upcoming regulations, we can ensure that we can make the most of the growth of cryptocurrency trades and focus on the ongoing development of the platform and the trading experience it provides.

The opportunity via the ICO

With the alt coin market growing at a rapid rate and current players in the exchange market already collectively generating several billion in revenue, the potential for substantial revenues at an early stage is clear. Furthermore, with the increased adoption of crypto by the general public, revenues generated by the current exchanges could easily be in the tens of billions over the next 5-10 years.

By raising via an ICO, we are ensuring immediate volumes of trading on the platform as it is in your benefit as the holder to trade on the platform and spread the word as the larger the daily volumes, the larger the commission paid per token to the ambassadors (holders). The way the ICO has been structured means that if we raise the required amounts we should have 1000s of incentivised traders on the platform from the beginning, which should generate good revenue from day one.

At least 35% of the funds raised will be set aside to implement a marketing strategy, which we are confident will enable us to increase our user base several times over and enable us to reach our target of 50k BTC in daily volume, which would generate commissions exceeding the initial ICO price. Marketing efforts will mainly be online, with the major players such Google and Facebook playing a key part as well as considerable investment into sponsored content on major media outlets being on the cards. Our marketing budget and strategy has enabled us to set realistic goals and ensures that all interests are aligned as it is in every coin holders benefits, including the team's (who are unable to sell their tokens for an 18 month period) to increase trading volumes in order to increase commissions paid out per token.



Profit generation on Alttradex

The platform will charge a 0,15% to 0.25% fee on trades using a maker-taker system. Meaning if you make the bid or offer you will be charged 0.25% while if you fill the bid or offer you will be charged 0.15%, below average on the top 25 platforms. 60% of revenues generated on the platform will be distributed as commissions.

To estimate the profit, we will take three different exchange sizes and assume the token sale raises $10M. A "small" exchange, one we believe we can match immediately with little to no marketing simply by having our backers start using the platform (which of course is in your benefit as the higher the volume, the higher the return), a "medium" exchange, one we believe we can match within the first 12 months and a "large" exchange, one we aim to compete with within 24-36 months.



$400,000,000



Estimated Annual Revenue/Daily Trading Volume $400,000,000



$300,000,000 $200,000,000



$200,000,000



$100,000,000 $0



$20,000,000

5k BTC Daily



50k BTC Daily



100k BTC Daily



With a "small" exchange with a daily volume of 5k BTC over a year, it is estimated that revenue generated would be around the $20M if converted to USD. With 60% of that being distributed as commissions, over 50% of the ICO price would be more than returned to token holders in year one. With a "medium" exchange with a daily volume of 50k BTC over a year, it is estimated that revenue generated would be more than $200M if converted to currency. With 60% of that distributed as commission, more than 10 times the ICO price would be returned to token holders within the year. If we reach large exchange volumes of 100k BTC over a year, it is estimated revenue would be more than $400M if converted to currency. With 60% of that distributed as commission, more than 20 times the ICO price would be returned to tokens over the year. As such, with this distribution structure, there is no incentive for anyone to sell the tokens below the ICO price, even at an early stage.



40%



Distributed Revenue Retained Revenue

60%



 60% of the revenue will be distributed

 40% of the revenue will be retained and reinvested in the platform

The 40% retained by the platform will be used to fund ongoing marketing campaigns to ensure a steady growth of the platform as well as to fund the development, operations and support teams that will provide the backbone of the platform.

Profits to burn tokens

5% of the tokens will be held in a special wallet and 100% of the revenues for these tokens will be used to buy back and burn tokens regularly. Proof of remaining number of tokens after the buy back and burn will be provided on a monthly basis. These tokens will never be sold and the funds they generate will not at any point be used to buy back any of the team's tokens.

Distribution of tokens

The ATXT token will be based on the ERC20, due to its widespread use and flexibility. Each token will have a price of $0.25 during the crowdsale. Alttradex Tokens can be purchased in ETH, at current ETH prices ($290) 1 ETH= 1160 ATXT.



The maximum amount per backer is 100,000 coins or $25,000 worth (less than 0.10% of the supply). This is to avoid anyone scaring people into dumping the coins as well as to ensure the platform has several thousand users from day one. Larger positions will need to be agreed ahead of time and have to be disclosed to backers.

If the $25M cap is hit, there will be 142,857,143 tokens in existence, split as follows:



5% 5% 20%

70%



Crowdsale Participants Team Buyback Fund Bounty



Crowdsale Participants Team Buyback Fund Bounty TOTAL



100,000,000 28,571,429 7,142,857 7,142,857 142,857,143



In the event the cap is not hit, the number of tokens in existence will be proportional to the amount raised (i.e. $10M raised, 57,142,857 will be in existence and so on)

All funds will be received and held in multi-signature wallets. The teams tokens will be locked for 18 months in order to ensure all interests are aligned in terms of growing the platform. If revenue targets are hit over that period, it is unlikely the team will offload their tokens due to the revenue they would be generating at that stage.



Distribution of funds



15% 15%



35%



35%



Platform & Development Marketing Operations Liquidity



 35% of the funds will go into the platform and its maintenance, including hiring developers, servers costs, etc

 35% of the funds will go into marketing, including a marketing team, ads campaigns, PR

 15% of the funds will be used to provide liquidity on the platform  15% of the funds will go to operations including the support team, HR

Roadmap



Alttradex has been in the works since the back end of 2016, with the project officially coming to life in January 2017. We have achieved a lot since the beginning of the year as the team has grown and we are confident that involving the community of cryptocurrency traders in our ICO is the best way to grow volumes on the platform from the beginning while sharing the potential upside.

Below is a a list of key milestones to be achieved over the next 12 months beginning with the launch the ICO:

 October-November 2017: ICO

 November-December 2017: Platform finalisations and testing

 January 2018: Exchange goes live

 Q1 2018: First revenue distributions

 Q2 2018: Add Fiat currencies

 Q3 2018: Decentralized wallet structure

 Ongoing: First to market in listing of new coins to provide liquidity to users



