White Paper

 9 Jan 2018



Table of Contents:

1. Abstract 2. Market Research 3. Problem and Solution 4. Business-Model 5. Marketing 6. Development Plan 7. Project Description 8. ICO Structure 9. How to Earn Money 10. Road Map 11. Financing Plan



Abstract



The structure and dynamics of the world's antiques market is diverse and heterogeneous. Unlike the industrial segments of the world market, during the crisis the antiques market is gaining momentum, and the antiques items are only growing in price. At the same time, the antiques market is rather conservative and archaic in many respects. It still faces problems that the markets of other industries have long coped with.

Antiques are collectible items, as rare or ancient works of art, furniture, books that has a high value to collectors or businessmen because of their considerable age. Antiques are objects that have cultural, historical, scientific, and artistic value at least 50 years old. A unique feature of the antiques market is that it can become a kind of natural refuge for capital in periods of stagnation and economic instability, with the possibility of gaining profit up to 25% per annum.



Why do investors select the antiques market?

 It is one of the most stable and reliable investment tools.  It provides the ability to invest in a fast-growing asset with a near-zero loss probability.  It is business activity for the elect. The antiques items have historical and cultural value. The antiques

owner assists the society to progress.

Why do beginning investors venture in antiques?

 Until recently, the antiques market was not for everyone.  Antiques trade is gray business to a greater extent. It is reliably hidden from the general public and

is focused mainly on a narrow set of VIP-customers, which employ verified and experienced dealers and consultants. Sometimes the existence of a particular antiques item is known only to the client and the dealer.

How will AntiqMall Change the Situation?

AntiqMall is an online project that allows solving market problems and making it transparent and accessible. AntiqMall is a revolutionary solution on the antiques market.

What is AntiqMall? It is an online marketplace where the works of art and antiques from Europe and the USA are for sale. Initially, the platform will be developed and work for the residents of the Russian Federation, but in the future it will entry into the world market.



3



Table of Contents 



AntiqMall Opportunities

The website antiqmall.ru provides access to the objects of art of most European antique dealers and galleries, as well as the ability to pay for purchases with AntiqMall tokens.

In the nearest future the online-hypermarket AntiqMall will present more than 200,000 items of various styles and eras:

 exquisite pieces of furniture and interior;  porcelain;  paintings;  bronze ware;  clocks, watches and ornaments;  glassware;  silver.

Each lot is provided with high-quality photos and a detailed description. The catalogues of lots are constantly updated.

AntiqMall is a ready-made, working project that has passed all testing stages. Nowadays AntiqMall is at the stage of readiness for global scaling and increasing its share in the world antiques market.

Antiques Market and New Technologies

The development of Internet technologies, e-commerce, global payment and financial systems plays not the least role in this segment. Remote bidding participation is not a something unusual anymore. For example, in 2011 the online auction Christie's sold about 25% of the total volume sold by the auction house in that year.

Blockchain is the beginning of the revolution in the world antiques market!

Actively developing technology based on the blockchain will make it possible to conclude deals quickly, simply, cheaply, without intermediaries and absolutely safe!

The online marketplace AntiqMall has already passed the acceleration and works successfully. Within the ICO the company plans to issue tokens which will become a payment of the platform. For instance, buyers will be able to pay with tokens during transactions.

We are sure that it is the blockchain technology that will change the antiques market not only in Russia but throughout the world, attract new investors into this the niche and allow launching a new round of active growth.

AntiqMall, being a decentralized trading platform, offers an attractive service that encourages users to active interaction within the project.



4



Table of Contents 



How will the AntiqMall Ecosystem Work?

At the present moment we independently collect antiques from thousands of dealers and gallery owners around the world, then professional translators translate the lots descriptions and we publish them on the website of the online-hypermarket AntiqMall.

In the future, the company will provide any platform participant with the opportunity to place lots of antiques items and receive payment in the currency which he considers the most convenient.

The abovementioned solution allows the company even at the initial stage to offer users the most complete catalogues of antiques. We pay your attention that in the whole world there are no projects of a similar format. Ahead of time any willing person, a dealer or a private seller of antiques, will be able to place lots on the website.



5



Table of Contents 



The History of the Project

Our team members came up with the idea of creating a multipurpose platform where every interested person could easily buy a work of art quickly and without intermediaries in 2010. It was then that we, being involved in antiques business, set up a transport and logistics company that specialized in fine arts shipping, packaging and customs clearance. Even then, we noticed what difficulties potential buyers and investors are forced to face.

To buy an object of art, it was necessary to find antiquarians or experts, who would tell and make obvious what could or could not be invested in, or at your own risk to look for antiques, contact with sellers, deal with shipping, packaging, customs clearance and obtaining permitting documentation.

It not only brought inconvenience, such as loss of time, 200-300 % extra charge, but it could be the purchase of a pig in a poke. Besides, an inexperienced buyer could purchase an antique item for hundreds of thousands of dollars, and within couple of years it turned out to be just a good copy.

Having thoroughly studied the Russian market, as well as the entire business from the inside, we found out that the situation in Europe and the US is no different. Therefore, we came up with the idea to create a single platform which will present the antiques items by most of the world's dealers, taking into account shipping and customs clearance. The scale of the project allows making ridiculous mark-ups, compared to most dealers.

Online-hypermarket antiqmall.ru will make the antiques market open, understandable, secure and attract new customers due to decentralized investments. Security and legal purity of transactions will be provided by an affiliated professional company engaged in the import of works of art from 2010.

The use of blockchain technologies will lead to a global restructuring of the antiques market.



6



Table of Contents 



Market Research



Sales in the world art market reached $ 45 billion dollars over the year. The annual turnover of the Russian antiques market is estimated at $ 2 billion, without taking into account shadow transactions, the number of which reaches 90% of the total amount.

Source: http://antikspb.ru/kollektsionirovanie-antikvariata/

The analysts of appraisal and expert organization "KiT Ocenka" also support the abovementioned data (however, without specifying the share of unofficial trades and transactions).

Source: http://kitocenka.ru/rynok-antikvariata-v-2015-godu

According to the research by Art Economics and USB bank, world antiques sales amounted to $ 56.6 billion. As stated by FDLX, 36.1 million transactions were recorded in this sector last year. The share of private transactions organized by dealers was 57%.

The share of transactions made at public auctions was 43%. The United States is still the leader of the global antiques market, its share is 40 %. UK is second at 21% of market globally and China has 20%. Internet slowly displays the interest to antiquities beyond the category only for the elect. The online antiques market has been growing for the past five years 20-30% annually. According to Hiscox's estimates, in 2016 the share of online sales on the global art market was 8.4%. The sector increased by 15% compared to 2015 and its volume reached $ 3.75 billion.



Diagram 6

Dynamics of Online Sales on the Market in 2014-2017, USD bln.



5



4,5



4



3,5



3



2,7



2,5



2



1,5



1



0,5



0 2014



3,18

2015



Source: https://www.hiscox.co.uk/online-art-trade-report/



3,75

2016



4,31

2017



In 2007, Russians spent about $ 2 million on buying antique items online. In 2012 the amount spent online exceeded $ 40 million. As stated by experts, in 2015-2016, expenditures on antiquities amounted to $ 80-100 million.



7



Table of Contents 



Diagram 7

The Amount of Money Spent on Antiques by Russian Users in the Online Segment in 2012-2016, USD mln.



120

100

80

60

40

20

2

0 2007



40

2012



80

2015



Source: https://www.vedomosti.ru/lifestyle/articles/2015/04/21/rossiiskii-onlain-rinokantikvariata-ezhegodno-rastet-na-20-30



100

2016



If in 2008-2010, when Russian consumers just started using Amazon and eBay to buy antiques in the network, demand for inexpensive items tends to be prevailed, nowadays purely aesthetic interest and amateur hobbies were replaced by investment attractiveness and professional collecting.

Despite the still existing general distrust toward the network, in 2016 online sales grew by 15% and reached $ 3.75 billion (see diagram 7). Therefore, the network segment occupied 8.4% of the total art market (against 7.4% in 2015).

The tendency prevailed last year demonstrates that the Internet segments of traditional auctions have begun to dislodge and overtake auctions working exclusively on the network: online transactions are usually committed by young people, who rather prefer to correspond than to talk.

According to rough estimates, in 2018 the annual turnover of the Russian antiques market will reach $ 3.38 billion, $ 284 million (8.4%) of which will come from online sales.



Supply Creates Its Own Demand

Investing in antiques is a financial strategy that is gaining popularity among investors. According to research by Deloitte Luxembourg & ArtTactic Art & Finance in 2016, at least 73% of the surveyed wealth management professionals from around the world said that 90% of their customers plan to add or added such assets to their investment portfolios. For comparison, in 2014 the share of respondents was 58%.

In the opinion of Deloitte Luxembourg experts, the popularity of investments in antiques is primarily referred to customers' wish to diversify their investments and save them from inflation occurred during the instability in financial markets.

A similar tendency is observed in the Russian antiques market. However, we feel a shortage of antiques items, which is satisfied with imports nowadays.

But the problem is that, coming to the Russian market, works of art and exhibits from Europe and the US increase in prices due to the complicated customs procedures, increased domestic demand. The abovementioned



8



Table of Contents 



results in the absence of antiques in Russia at reasonable prices. The team members of the online-hypermarket antiqmall.ru decided to go the other way and to satisfy the

market demand due to the large amount of imported goods. Large volumes of goods allow us to keep low prices, provide consumers with inexpensive antiques items and, as a result, to win a large market share.

At the present moment in RuNet there are about 92 major websites that sell antiques online and make up the overall market offer. Accordingly, taking into account the total volume of the Russian online market ($ 284 million), the number of its players, the existing segments and possible competitors (29 companies, as stated by https:// top100.rambler.ru/?query=), AntiqMall minimum market share might be 3.33%. Therefore, the minimum annual turnover in 2018 will be $ 9.46 million.

When entering the market and occupying even the "modest" position at the first stages, the potential of the company is very significant if choosing the correct approach to creating an Internet resource, its functionality, the organization of search promotion and advertising campaigns. An additional increase in turnover will be facilitated by:

 the envisaged possibility of payment with tokens on the platform;  a guaranteed anonymity, which will allow taking a rather large share of existing shadow transactions,

the number of which reaches 90%.

AntiqMall's own token is an integral part of the developed strategy for increasing the effectiveness of trading operations on the platform. AntiqMall tokens will be used as payment system for selling and purchasing lots displayed on the website. The lot cards and innovative approach allow tracking the history of transactions conducted with a certain item on the website.

Such data is simply necessary for the growing market of antiques. Due to the use of AntiqMall tokens, one can track the history of the item price change, which is recorded in the blockchain.

Using tokens, we will create a really free antiques market!

Online-hypermarket antiqmall.ru is the beginning of a new round of trade without any restrictions, intermediaries and shadow schemes.



Short-Term Prospects

While maintaining growth rates (at the rate of 20-30% per year), economic and political stability, the service turnover (excluding additional deals from the shadow sector) may reach $ 13.62  16 million by 2020.

After 21 months, after raising one for ICO, AntiqMoll plans to occupy 3% of the online sales of fine art and antiques in Russia.

Under such conditions, the turnover will reach monthly:

 Turnover  54.5 million rubles ($ 758,000)  Profit  11.4 million rubles. ($ 190,000)

Annually:

 Turnover  698 million rubles. ($ 11.6 million)  Profit  152 million rubles. ($ 2.5 million)

The indicators were calculated on the basis of own data and marketing research. More detailed information is available at: https://antiqmall-ico.io/documents/marketing_research_en.pdf



9



Table of Contents 



Problem and Solution



Currently the purchase of antiques from Europe for a Russian Federation resident looks as follows:



Contact dealer



Pay for it



Looking for a transport company and order shipping to the Russian Federation



Receive the ordered object



The existing scheme of purchasing European antiques involves a range of problems that arise when trying to implement it:

1. the user must find European sites, dealing with antiques sales. The search involves a number of problems  disparate information, a variety of interface languages (English, French, German, Belgian, Dutch, Spanish, and other European languages), and a language barrier as a consequence. As a rule, lots have quite a large description and provenance, so necessary for a potential customer. Unfortunately, a potential buyer cannot understand the given information properly because of the language barrier. AntiqMall easily solves this problem. All objects of art provided by the majority of European dealers are collected and classified on the website. Moreover, the lots are published in Russian and English languages and have a detailed description made by professional translators;

2. on some European websites there are no prices for displayed items and there is no ability to pay for purchases online. If a visitor is interested in a particular object of antiques, he must fill in an application on the site and contact the seller (examples: http://www.bae.be, http://www.eurotrocbelgium. com, http://www.audebotte.fr, http://www.bolk-antiques.nl, http://www.borrelliantichita.it). This problem is completely solved on AntiqMall. The user is required to go through a simple registration procedure once, after that the price request can be sent by pressing a pair of buttons. Some lots are published with prices and you can immediately request an invoice for them. Negotiations with dealers on the price, availability and other details are carried out by our team members, the results of which are immediately displayed in customer's personal account in his native language;

3. payment by interbank transfers causes a lot of difficulties, as in the majority of cases these are large sums. AntiqMall accepts both fiat money (interbank payment or bank card) and AntiqMall tokens, which will ensure anonymity, high speed and cheapness of the transaction, as well as significant discounts for this method of payment;

4. fine art shipping is a complicated task. In various countries selling and purchasing of antiques items are regulated by different versions of the law On Cultural Values, thus the customs clearance procedure has a special order. Each imported item is carefully examined by the experts of the Ministry of Culture or its analogues, museums or specially authorized organizations. There are companies specializing exclusively in the fine art shipping. Each item must be thoroughly inspected, scrupulously packed according to its characteristics (sometimes specially manufactured packaging). That's why in the world's antiques market objects of art are delivered by shipping companies, specializing in Fine Art Shipping. Our team has extensive experience in this field and reliable partners all around the



10



Table of Contents 



world, which make it possible to simplify and accelerate fine art shipping for the project customers both in Russia and in Europe and the USA.

Separately it is worth mentioning such an important aspect of the antiques market, as unofficial deals. The share of such transactions on the market is quite high and its volume according to different data can reach up to 90%. Obviously, the market has long needed a service that could meet the requirements of its participants, providing convenience, anonymity and security of transactions. AntiqMall will become such a service, providing the market with the most advanced technologies to realize its needs.

Result: our goal is to provide users with the ability to make purchases simply and automatically, as in a simple online store.

Our company will undertake solving all the problems and difficulties connected with negotiations, payment, registration and shipping. The only thing that a customer needs is to pay for the goods and wait for the delivery.

AntiqMall: speed, efficiency, ease of searching and buying are replacing the outdated and inefficient methods of interaction between the seller and the buyer

AntiqMall is a smart trading platform with smart contracts, which for the first time in the world makes it possible to integrate the antiques market with the crypto community, the sellers' ratings based on blockchain and the ability to pay for antiques items with cryptocurrency immediately, without queues in banks, huge extra charges and close attention of supervisory bodies.



What is a Smart Contract?

Unfortunately, it is a typical situation when the buyer paid for the purchase, but didn't receive the ordered goods or, vice versa, the goods were shipped, by the money was not credited to the seller's account.

The blockchain technology and a system of smart contracts built in AntiqMall platform automatically control transactions. Human factor is absolutely excluded. Just unbiased digital systems. The buyer receives the goods, the seller receives the money. Simply, instantly, and safely.



AntiqMall is a revolutionary solution in the antiques market

We have created a unique antiques marketplace, characterized by a wealth of advantages: convenience, ease of use, a huge selection of objects of art, free shipping and own token, circulating at crypto stock exchanges. The abovementioned factors make AntiqMall be a platform for buying and selling antiques # 1 in the world, ahead of time and having great prospects in the future. We are moving one of the most profitable and closed businesses into the new digital world of cryptoeconomics, making it available to everyone:

 to Purchasers  discounts when buying with cryptocurrency, anonymity, fast and cheap transactions, a huge selection of all kinds of antiques, free shipping, analytics, currency exchange, market structuring in the required segment by means of selected filters of the rating system.

 to Sellers  an influx of new customers, including beginning investors, who want to make anonymous purchases paying with cryptocurrency, activation of old customers due to substantial discounts and



11



Table of Contents 



service convenience, analysis of open price offers of the market.  to Investors  the opportunity to purchase tokens at a minimum price. According to analysts, the

demand for AntiqMall tokens will grow with every coming day, with each new purchase, with each new customer. The opportunity to start earning on the profitable and previously accessible only to a narrow circle of persons art market, the annual turnover of which reaches $ 45 billion.

We are confident in the growth and prosperity of our business. At the moment, AntiqMall has no direct competitors, and taking into consideration the specifics and complexity of the tasks, they are unlikely to appear in the nearest future.



12



Table of Contents 



Business-Model

The project has the most understandable model of monetization. Monetization of the Russian market occurs in the AntiqMall service due to a mark-up on the sold goods. At the moment our company receives on average 30% of the profit from the sold item on the Russian market, where the service has already been launched and is successfully operating,.

The item prices are formed as follows:

T = S x 118 x (/100 + (1 + P/100) x 0,8)/80 + D

 T  the price for a customer;  S  the purchase price abroad;    % of company's income after VAT and tax (i.e. if A = 15% and S = 1000 euro, then the company's

income after all payments is 150 euros);  This index is usually 20-40% depending on the value of the item. The higher the cost, the lower is the

percentage. This index is 30 % for the majority of items by default.  P  customs duty % (this index will almost always be = 0);  D  the cost of shipping to the warehouse in St. Petersburg. Fine art shipping is carried out by our

partner company and is calculated as follows:  the shipping cost is 400 euro / m3 for furniture and interior items;  the shipping cost is 100 euro / unit for bronze and metal statues and sculptures up to 40 ;  150 euro / unit is for statues and sculptures 40-70 ;  200 euro /unit is statues and sculptures 70-100 ;  the shipping cost is 8 euro / kg for items made of marble and stone;  the shipping cost for items made of porcelain, ceramics and glass is calculated individually and

depends on the number of items in the set, their sizes and prices;  the shipping cost is 800 euro / m3 for paintings (when calculating the shipping cost 20-40 cm are

added to each measurement parameter depending on the frame and whether the painting will be packed in a wooden box);

When calculating the shipping cost the location of the item and its distance from the delivery address are taken into account as well. The coefficient, that the shipping cost is subsequently multiplied by, is calculated depending on these data.

This coefficient is calculated individually for the majority of European countries (except Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, which coefficient is 1, the coefficient of Austria and Liechtenstein is 1.3, of the eastern France is 1.5, of the south of France and northern Italy is 1.6).

The shipping cost is also affected by the item price, its condition, the complexity and cost of packaging, labor intensity of shipping.



13



Table of Contents 



Marketing: Launch Strategy

In order the ICO participation has any sense for the primary supporters, the AntiqMall platform must be accepted by the public. Our team realizes and understands that carefully thought out and planned marketing strategies are the key to the success of the project. That's why we have developed a marketing plan that will help to:

 attract a new audience and keep its attention;  increase the loyalty of the existing target audience;  expand the market coverage;  increase brand awareness;  increase the company's market share;  expand the geographical boundaries of the market.

The basis of the presented marketing plan is core strategies and tactical measures that will be implemented by our team over the next 5 years. Thus, in particular, we will use all existing advertising channels to the maximum:

 Advertising in social media  at the initial stage.  Word of mouth, buzz and partisan marketing  at the initial stage.  Traditional advertising in the media, PR with the use of big advertising budgets  with the expansion

and growth of the platform.



14



Table of Contents 



Authorities and Word of Mouth

We know how to inspire confidence in the brand, improve brand identity and ensure the attention of the target audience. Hence, we developed a plan of tactical measures, including cooperation with authoritative bloggers in the sphere of blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies, to promote and popularize the platform in groups in social media, on Youtube.com in their blogs.

This type of promotion makes it possible to gain the trust of the target audience quickly through personalized advertising in the form of storytelling. At the same time, this type of advertising is not as expensive as traditional methods that will allow minimizing advertising expenses at the initial stage.

Anyone likes bonuses and promotions, so we will develop a referral system and thus kill two birds with one stone:

 ensure fast attraction of new users;  existing users will receive bonuses and assets for the work on attracting new participants of the

platform.

The existing users will share their opinions about our brand with friends and acquaintances, thus attracting new members, and will be rewarded for that.

This strategy has been successfully tested by such well-known brands as Dropbox, PayPal, and Airbnb. The implementation of the abovementioned measures will allow solving several problems at once:

 to ensure viral marketing and increase brand awareness through self-replicating viral processes;  to achieve rapid growth in the number of users without significant investment costs.

Events and Partnership

Our plan of brand promote assumes the active participation of the team members in the global ecosystem of crypto-currencies as an active market player and a recognized expert.

How do we see it?

 first, visits to various events of different industries;  second, the search of partners and the creation of mutually beneficial relations;  third, sponsorship of sectoral events of different industries;  fourth, taking part in conferences, seminars and other events of the training format devoted to

bitcoin and cryptocurrency first as a participant, then as an expert.

One of the major stages of the project will be the creation of a partner network. By promoting our brand partners will receive a referral commission or services for promoting partner's brand on AntiqMall website.



15



Table of Contents 



SEO and Content Marketing

We will create a blog with useful information about antiques, news and trends in the antiques market, objects of art, etc. for the viral distribution of information about the brand, attracting users and promoting the brand. I

We plan to focus on interesting, useful, viral content, which watchers and readers would like to share with. The team of marketers will monitor the audience's involvement, the growing number of users, as well as the interesting and readable content. Highly-qualified SEO team will promote blog posts and the blog itself in order AntiqMall platform to gain steady popularity in search results. The SEO team will use such popular channels as email marketing and thematic online forums like SubReddit, Facebook communities and Bitcoin Talk forum.

Social Media and Contextual Advertising

We know what tools, channels and solutions of the modern information field should be used to make the brand as relevant as possible. One of the most effective methods of brand promotion is direct communications with target audience in their habitat on social networks (Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter).

After the target audience makes its first acquaintance with the brand, we plan to use the Instagram for carrying out advertising and marketing campaigns.

In addition, we plan to invest part of the funds in Google Adwords in the future to reach the target audience, but at the initial stage, all attention will be paid to advertising campaigns in Instagram, since according to statistics this platform is an acceptable channel for art auctions.

Besides, the company plans to exploit retargeting tactics to attract users to the website of the onlinehypermarket of antiques AntiqMall.

Email-Marketing

Email marketing is one of the most important tools of Internet promotion. Therefore, the company plans to take advantage of it. To begin with, we will collect and segment a subscriber base. The subscribers will receive personalized information, including updating catalogues, changing the conditions, service updating, etc. every week. Email marketing will allow to support and warm up the users' interest to the brand and increase the target audience's loyalty to AntiqMall resource.



16



Table of Contents 



PR

Even at the initial stage of brand promotion, we will engage public relations specialists. Such approach will allow:

 create positive brand reputation, consolidate and reinforce it in the minds of potential users;  increase the loyalty of existing users and strengthen their confidence in making the right decision

about cooperation with our brand;  make up an effective dialogue with the audience, which will provide success rates hitting all record

levels;  establish communication and relations with audience;  provide wide coverage in the media, including relevant industry publications, thematic forums,

technical resources and important business areas (Business Insider, Forbes, TechCrunch).

Only complex solutions allow conducting events, activities and measures in parallel, thereby ensuring the maximum result with minimal time and financial costs.

Each of the described strategies will be employed according to the 5-year plan; some tactical measures will be used exclusively at the initial stage, while the other during the entire period of 5 years.

After the introduction of tokens into the platform's payment system, the customers will receive discounts up to 50% of our mark-up, which will increase the effect of advertising and make the purchase with tokens more attractive than purchase with fiat money. In its turn, it will increase demand for the tokens and promote their growth.



17



Table of Contents 



Development Plan

We see the further development in the transformation of the platform first into B2P, and then into the P2P format for selling and purchasing antiques. We plan to become # 1 service in the world, which will provide:

 high income for investors ;  the opportunity to purchase antiques without intermediaries and mark-ups for buyers;  the inflow of new customers for sellers ... ... which ultimately will create a new financial ecosystem based on the interaction between blockchain technology and the antique market.

Development Strategy

Technological leadership, which we aspire to, is unobtainable without constant investments in upgrading and improving the platform. Moreover, we aim at improving the customer service to intensify the service competitiveness.

Goals for expanding the market

The first year of the project launching will be devoted to the entering and developing the Russian market. Starting from the second year the key project goal is entering and conquering the European and American markets, then the Asian, Australian and other ones.

Short-Term Objectives:

 to focus on stimulating the growth of number of active antiques buyers via the Internet, and those users who are only discovering this sector for themselves;

 to update and supplement product catalogues actively; our goal is to provide users with access to 90% of the antiques presented on the Internet;

 to develop and launch mobile applications for iOS and Android;  to create API for future partners.



18



Table of Contents 



Long-Term Objectives:

 to become # 1 platform in the sphere of online antiques sales for all market participants;  to win at least 3% of the Russian market of online antiques sales;  constantly to improve and develop the platform;  to conquer the European, Asian, American and other markets and to become a recognizable brand in

all economically significant regions.

AntiqMall Prospects of the Development

Our goal is a solid, multi-functional, reliable and secure platform with a high share of benefits for all participants of the antique market. To achieve the stated goal AntiqMall will incessantly upgrade technical bases, invest in the promotion and popularization of the brand, and attract partners from all over the world.

 Stage 1  the formation of the basic options and functional of the product, the organization and provision access to the resource for all market participants, the creation of a secure financial system based on the blockchain technology, which will supply instant and minimal commission payments between both physical and legal entities.

 Stage 2  adding new functions and options for even more beneficial and convenient users' interaction.

The growth of AntiqMall sales will guarantee the increase of profit, which in turn will ensure the existence of the project for decades. The price policy, service and sellers' reputation will create a favorable economic climate for concluding profitable transactions of purchase and sale on the website.

Access to new functions and options will be available to both sellers with a large range of products, and sellers whose goods are intended to a narrow target audience.



19



Table of Contents 



Road Map



Q2-Q4 2016

 Formulating the idea  Market research  Partner involvement  Creating a prototype



Q1-Q2 2017

 Team building  Introduction of the prototype  Identifying ultimate goals  Testing  Launching antiqmall.ru portal



Q4 2017

 SMART-contract development

 PreICO start  Cooperation with world-

class consultants



Q1 2018

  ICO  ICO start  Token implementation into

the payment system  Processing of goods

(content filling)  Starting up the marketing

campaign  Brand promotion  Token implementation into

the economy



Q2-Q4 2018



 AMT token entering the



cryptocurrency



stock



exchange



 Providing users with the



ability to add goods and



items



 Implementation of the



multicurrency module



 Processing of goods



 API development



 Infrastructure preparation



and selection of partners



for starting operations in



Europe and the USA



Q1-Q4 2019

 Entering the US and European markets

 Beginning of the token buyout from the stock exchange

 Globalization of our antiques marketplace in the crypto-economic world

 Consolidation of positions in the world arena



20



Table of Contents 



Project Description



The essence of the main business process of the company can be described as follows.



Lots Parsing



each day the website is replenished with objects of art by leading foreign antiques dealers



Translation



each lot is translated into Russian and English



Posting



Antiques Selling



when buying a lot on AntiqMall website, a customer receives an invoice. After payment for the item, it is redeemed from a foreign dealer



Fine Art Shipping to the Purchaser



after receiving the payment, the ordered goods are delivered to a warehouse in Saint-Petersburg or Moscow. Delivery time is up to 6 weeks. The customer can take the goods in the warehouse by himself or issue a request for a door-to-door delivery. Other cities will be added with the enlarging of the service geography



More detailed information is available at: https://antiqmall.ru/delivery



21



Table of Contents 



ICO Structure



Token Implementation into AntiqMall Economy

After token Implementation into the payment system of the website, they will be used to pay for purchases, delivery, discounts for purchases and delivery and partners' promotion.

The use of tokens in the system will begin no later than 5 months after ICO finishing .



How will AntiqMall Token (AMT) Get Involved into the Service Economy?

 Customers will make purchases with tokens.  By making purchases with tokens, customers will receive up to 50% discounts on products of the

amount of the company's mark-up.  Tokens can be exchanged for partner services, like restoration of antiques items.  In the future token holders will be able to display their goods on the website absolutely free.

...and much more. After 18 months of the project, the company intends to start buying tokens back from the market. AntiqMall will spend 50% of the profit on the tokens buyback for their subsequent burning.



Token Issue:



Partners and advisors

2%



Bounty program

5%



Team members

13%



Sale

80%



22



Table of Contents 



Total amount of issued company tokens: 7,500,000 Amount of tokens at ICO stage - 6,000,000 Token cost: 1 AMT = $ 1 or 1,000 AMT = 1 ETH The official name of the token is AMT

 150,000 tokens are reserved for advisors and partners;  375,000 tokens are reserved for bounty programs (rewards for assistance in ICO conducting);  975,000 tokens belong to the founders and are frozen for 12 months.

Tokens will be encashed in two stages: PreICO and ICO. Purchase method - Ethereum, Bitcoin

Stage 1: PreICO

Goal: Token implementation into the service economy and launching a bonus program when paying with tokens, paying legal fees, marketing for ICO main stage.

 Starts on December 25, 2017 and finishes on January 10, 2018  The amount of sold tokens at PreICO stage: 2.4% of the total amount - 180,000 AMT at a special

price 1500 AMT = 1 ETH  50 % bonus to the purchased tokens  Tokens not sold at the PreICO stage will be available for purchase during the main campaign.

Stage 2: ICO

 Starts on March 2018  Token cost will be 1,000 AMT = 1 ETH  There is no lower limit for raising funds for ICO  The upper limit of raising funds is 6,000 ETH

After finishing ICO stage all non-purchased tokens will be burnt, as well as the team tokens in equal proportion. Bonuses to purchased tokens:

 week 1 - 30%  week 2 - 20%  week 3 - 10%  week 4 - 0%

Team members' tokens will be frozen and not available for sale for 12 months since ICO.



23



Table of Contents 



How to Make Money on Tokens?

1. The issued and sold tokens will be bought back 18 months after finishing ICO under the following conditions:

if the sales volume reaches at least 70% of the planned volume, every month the company will spend 50% of its profit to buy tokens back, but not less than $ 100,000. All redeemed tokens will be burnt, that will be an additional incentive for token price growth.

2. Within 1 months after finishing ICO AntiqMall token (AMT) will be sold and purchased on the stock exchanges.

3. Use tokens for purchasing in the platform and receive significant discounts. The main product has already been developed and launched, showing high performance on the Russian market.



24



Table of Contents 



Financial Plan

Our calculations, based on marketing research and hypothesis testing, show that the company requires $ 950,000 to reach a 3% market share of online antiques sales in Russia.

Fixed assets will be used for development, lot descriptions translation, customer attraction, and marketing.



Content development and processing

26%

Legal services and customs

5%

Other

2%



Employees' salary

20%

Operational costs

7%

Advertising, marketing, brand promotion

40%



25



Table of Contents 



List of Business Expenses, thousand rubles

Payroll wages Marketing Server costs and maintenance costs Office expenses Warehousing costs Content processing and translating Depreciation Bank services Other expenses

Total



2018



2019



2020



2021



2022



14,118.0 28,110.5

610.2 915.3 1,612.5 14,476.3 268.1 256.8 521.5



14,824.0 29,516.0

640.7 961.0 1,693.1 15,200.1 268.1 2,290.7 628.1



15,565.0 30,991.8

672.7 1,009.1 1,777.8 16,003.8 268.1 3,761.7 714.4



16,343.0 32,541.4

706.3 1,059.5 1,866.6 16,758.1 268.1 4,815.7 783.6



17,161.0 34,168.5

741.7 1,112.5 1,960.0 17,596.0 268.1 6,181.2 867.5



60,889



66,022



70,764



75,142



80,056



Profit and Loss Statement, thousand rubles

Profit Net cost Gross profit (loss) Commercial expenses Operating expenses Sales profit (loss) Sales profit / Revenue, % Profit (loss) before tax Income tax Net profit (loss) Net profit / Revenue,% Depreciation EBITDA EBITDA/ Revenue, %



2018



2019



2020



2021



2022



51,357 -60,425 -9,068 -28,111 -6,568 -43,747

-85% -43,747

0 -43,747

-85% 268 -43,479 -85%



458,142 -333,659 124,482 -29,516

-6,897 88,070

19% 88,070 -8,865 79,205

17% 268 88,338 19%



752,348 -531,731 220,617 -30,992

-7,241 182,384

24% 182,384 -36,477 145,907

19% 268 182,652 24%



963,139 -673,998 289,140 -32,541

-7,604 248,996

26% 248,996 -49,799 199,196

21% 268 249,264 26%



1,236,234 -858,070 378,163 -34,168

-7,984 336,011

27% 336,011 -67,202 268,809

22% 268 336,279 27%



26



Table of Contents 



Net Profit (Loss)



300 000 250 000 200 000 150 000 100 000

50 000 0

-50 000 -100 000



2018



704 79 205 145 907 199 196 268 809



2019



2020



2021



2022



Starting from 21 month after the project launching on the Russian market, company's monthly income will reach 11,450 million rubles or $ 191,000.



Detailed financial plan: https://antiqmall-ico.io/documents/financial_plan_en.pdf Financial model: https://antiqmall-ico.io/documents/financial_model_en.xlsx



27



Table of Contents 



