Asteroid, Ltd.

White Paper

December 2017 V4.75



TABLE OF CONTENTS

ABSTRACT ........................................................................................................................ 5 TERMINOLOGY ............................................................................................................... 6 DISCLAIMER ..................................................................................................................... 7 ASTR TOKEN .................................................................................................................. 9 ICO OVERVIEW..............................................................................................................10 INTRODUCTION ...........................................................................................................11 CONCEPT ........................................................................................................................16 THE ASTEROID SOCIETY ..........................................................................................22 TECHNOLOGY ...............................................................................................................27 CROWDFUNDING .........................................................................................................34 PRODUCT ROADMAP .................................................................................................38 USE OF PROCEEDS ......................................................................................................39 RISK FACTORS ..............................................................................................................44 REFERENCE..................................................................................................................... 45



Empowering People Worldwide



Terrestrial and Non-Terrestrial Asteroid Claiming Rights Using Blockchain Distributed Technology



ABSTRACT

Asteroid, Ltd. is building a decentralized database whereby private individuals, corporations and nation states can register claims on mining rights to over 600,0001 identified asteroids in our near celestial orbit using a smart contract and proprietary BlockClaim mechanisms. The system will be modelled after ICANN, a system familiar to us all, whereby individuals who desire to "claim" a website address apply for a specific website and register their domain. ICANN, a private company, acts as the registrar of the "website claim" and provides usage of the domain for a specific period of time with a renewal protocol. Asteroid, Ltd. will provide services that allow claimants to secure a claim to specific asteroids within the database and act as the registrar for the claimant using Asteroid's proprietary BlockClaim mechanism. Each individual will lay a BlockClaim to a specific asteroid and both a public and private ledger will be created on the Ethereum platform. This will be achieved through smart contracts, protocol tokens, called ASTR, and a significant dataset identifying over 600,000 asteroids and approximately $700 Quintillion dollars of minerals2. Each BlockClaim will consist of a registration using ASTR Tokens and provide an immutable record of the mining claim.

TRILLION DOLLAR THINKING

All indicators suggest that Asteroid Mining will become mainstream in the foreseeable future. Hence, those individuals, companies and nation states that avail themselves of this inevitability will enjoy the significant projected financial rewards.

"I'm sure the world's first Trillionaire is the person who learns how to mine asteroids" Neil deGrasse Tyson

Wired Magazine, April 2017

1 https://sploid.gizmodo.com/it-seems-a-miracle-we-are-not-extinct `'600,000 asteroids..." 2 https://www.spaceanswers.com/news/the-700-quintillion-asteroid-belt/



TERMINOLOGY



Terms used throughout this whitepaper:



Asteroid, Ltd Asteroid Society



Primary Entity which holds the ASTR (Asteroid Coin / Token)

Exclusive Marketing Agent to register BlockClaims



ASTR (ASTRCOIN) BlockClaim Asteroid Registry



Asteroid Coin / Token

A single Claim of a segment of an Asteroid. (A Claim is valued at $10 for $1,000,000 of estimated value)

Database of all known Asteroids and their metadata



WhoClaim Registry



The search mechanism for all BlockClaims



Asteroid Ledger ABE XTerra Nuluis

Outer Space Treaty



The Blockchain of all BlockClaims

Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange (A marketplace to trade BlockClaims using ASTRCOIN currency)

No Man's Space  Equivalent to Terra Nuluis  an ancient Latin term meaning nobody's land frequently used in international law

Refers to the 1967 ratified treaty between over 100 nation states. The treaty ensures that humankind has the "right" to space and no individual nation sate may claim ownership.



DISCLAIMER

PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this White Paper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. Asteroid, Ltd makes no guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this white paper. Investors and potential ASTR Token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction based on, material published in this white paper, which material is purely published for reference purposes alone.

ASTR Tokens will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. - IMPORTANT NOTICE: Please read the following notice carefully before proceeding to read this document prepared by the Company (the "White Paper"). This notice applies to all persons who read this document. Please note this notice may be altered or updated. The White Paper has been prepared solely in respect of the Company's crowd sale of the Asteroid tokens ("ICO") to be known as ASTR Tokens. No shares or other securities of the Company are being offered for subscription or sale in any jurisdiction pursuant to the White Paper. The White Paper is being made publicly



available for information purposes only and does not require any action to be taken by the general public or shareholders of the Company. The White Paper does not constitute an offer or invitation to any person to subscribe for or registration shares or any other securities in the Company. The shares of the Company are not being presently offered to be, registered under Securities Act of any country, or under any securities laws of any state. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of ASTR Tokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this White Paper.

ELIGIBILTY

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ASTR Tokens if you are a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which access to or ownership of the ASTR Token is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act. THE TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITE PAPER HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED, APPROVED, OR DISAPPROVED BY THE US SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER REGULATORY AUTHORITY NOR ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES EXAMINED OR APPROVED THE CHARACTERISTICS OR THE ECONOMIC REALITIES OF THIS TOKEN OFFERING OR THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS WHITE PAPER UNDER, THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED, OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION. PURCHASERS OF THE TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITE PAPER SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY BEAR ANY RISKS INVOLVED IN THE REGISTRATION OF TOKENS, IF ANY, FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD OF TIME.



FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS



Some of the statements in the White Paper include forward-looking statements which reflect the Company's and/or the Management current views with respect to product development, execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect to the Company and the sectors and industries in which the Company operates. Statements which include the words ''expects'', ''intends'', ''plans'', ''believes'', ''projects'', ''anticipates'', ''will'', ''targets'', ''aims'', ''may'', ''would'', ''could'', ''continue'' and similar statements are of a future or forward-looking nature. All forward-looking statements address matters that involve risks and uncertainties. Accordingly, there are or will be important factors that could cause the actual results to differ materially from those indicated in these statements. These factors include but are not limited to those described in the part of the White Paper entitled ''Risk Factors'', which should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements that are included in the White Paper. Any forwardlooking statements in the White Paper reflect the current views with respect to future events and are subject to these and other risks, uncertainties and assumptions relating to the operations, results of



operations and growth strategy. These forwardlooking statements speak only as of the date of the White Paper. Subject to industry acceptable disclosure and transparency rules and common practices, the Company undertakes no obligation publicly to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or individuals acting on behalf of the Company are expressly qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Prospective buyers of the ASTR Token should specifically consider the factors identified in the White Paper which could cause actual results to differ before making a purchase decision. No statement in the White Paper is intended as a profit forecast and no statement in the White Paper should be interpreted to mean that the earnings of the Company for the current or future years would be as may be implied in this White Paper. By purchasing the ASTR Token I hereby acknowledge that I have read and understand the notices and disclaimers set out above.



ASTR TOKEN

A defining moment in the continuing development of space exploration. It is uniquely positioned as a transactional currency both presently through the BlockClaim mechanism and in the foreseeable future as the potential digital currency in the mining of asteroids.



ICO OVERVIEW



Token name Token ticker Token owner Financial Auditors Token type Token sale target Total Tokens issued

Mining Token price

Use of proceeds

Bonus



Asteroid (the "Token") ASTR

ASTEROID, Ltd. Rm 21, Unit 801-803, Core C Cyberport 3, 100 Cyberport Rd, Pok Fu Lam, Hong Kong

DK Mak and Associates Room 2102-3, China Insurance Group Building, 141 Des Voeux Rd, Central, HONG KONG

Ethereum ERC20

No Hard Cap

200,000,000 Tokens Max. Final number of tokens created will be calculated according to contributions demand, it will be fixed and publicized by the end of the ICO day.

No mining or any other means of Tokens amount increase will apply to the ASTR Token post ICO

ICO Token pricing will be: 1 ASTR = USD $10 Funds from Token sale will be used for technical infrastructure and legal framework for building a decentralised asteroid mining claim system on the Blockchain called a BlockClaim and the development of the Asteroid Society Platform. At the pre-order period, Asteroid ASTR Tokens will be available with a bonus as publicized at the official Token ICO site (ASTRCOIN.io)



Tokens distribution



50% 45% 4.9% 0.1%



Public Company's reserve Management & Employees ("Employee Tokens") Kept to maintain the 200,000 BlockClaims of Asteroid Ltd in support of the ASTR Token value.



Lockup Period



Management and employees undertake a 12-month lockup period. No sale, transfer or pledge of Employee Tokens will be permitted.



Tokens transfer ICO timeline



ASTR Tokens will be transferred to buyers upon payment confirmation. An automated Smart Contract will execute upon receipt of payment for your ASTR Tokens. They can be freely transferred or exchanged



ASTR Token Discount Table



- Pre-Sale:



ASTR - 75% / Discount



- On Until Sale Close:



ASTR - 60% / Discount



To calculate for market fluctuations and volatility ASTRcoin will be adjusted to



both ETH and BTC daily @ 1UTC+8 (9AMHK Time) thereby passing the market



valuation to the ICO Contributor



ASTR Token Generation & Redeem by Pre-Sale COMPLETED Official Sale of Tokens by Company Begins 27th NOVEMBER 2017 First day of ASTR Token Trading 31st January 2018



INTRODUCTION

 Democratization of Space Using a BlockClaim  What is Asteroid Mining  Current Legal Framework  Space is Clearly Defined as Owned by All of Humankind



DEMOCRATIZATION OF SPACE

Asteroid, Ltd. will Democratize Space through a new Blockchain mechanism called BlockClaim. A BlockClaim will allow any private individual, company and nation state the ability to lay claim to and share in the vast wealth within our near celestial orbit.

Presently, there is no structure provided for a potential Asteroid Miner to make a claim on their rights to an Asteroid. Theoretically, a centralized data centre could hold the information, however, who would be in control of this data and how could we know instantly the ownership rights claimed. Again, no nation state can make this claim without the reliance on other interested parties being made aware of this claim. In other words, this cannot be done independently and without an outside non-terrestrial authority or opensource distributed technology confirmation of the claim.

Asteroid, Ltd.'s solution is to provide a secure and transparent public ledger using proprietary BlockClaim mechanisms within the Ethereum protocol.



The relatively recent advent of Blockchain technology allows for a distributed immutable ledger to be deployed ensuring all participants the use of fully functional, transparent and multilateral agreements that were not previously possible; thus, ensuring all parties a mechanism that is global and cryptographically secure. No central authority will be able to change what has been written into a BlockClaim. The owner of the claim will thereby have a global ledger ensuring their claim.

WHAT IS ASTEROID MINING?

Asteroid mining is the exploitation of raw materials from Asteroids and other minor planets, including Near-Earth objects. Minerals and volatiles could be mined from an Asteroid or spent comet then used in space for in-situ utilization (e.g. construction materials and rocket propellant) or taken back to Earth. These include gold, iridium, silver, osmium, palladium, platinum, rhenium, rhodium, ruthenium and tungsten for transport back to Earth; iron, cobalt, manganese, molybdenum, nickel, aluminium, and titanium for construction; water and oxygen to sustain astronauts; as well as hydrogen, ammonia, and oxygen for use as rocket propellant. (source Wikipedia)3



3 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asteroid_mining



Asteroid mining will provide humankind access to untold wealth and growth. As terrestrial mining becomes more ecologically unsuitable and rare earth minerals more difficult to find, Asteroid mining becomes more viable and economically feasible.

Beyond these obvious reasons, space is the new frontier and humankind is on what will be the most challenging and rewarding adventure yet undertaken in our history. Clearly, opportunity is afoot and our near celestial space is an abundant resource awaiting us.

CURRENT LEGAL FRAMEWORK

In order to fully understand the present legal status of space an ancient concept must be applied and the Space Treaty of 19624, ratified in 1967 must be explored.

In ancient roman law the concept of a Latin term Terra Nullius5 was applied to lands that were not under the control of the state. In essence, this term meant "nobody's land" and is frequently used in International Law today.

Space then can be defined as XterraNullius. As Space Law develops it will most likely use new terminology defining extra-terrestrial claiming rights. Asteroid, Ltd. is at the forefront of developing new language and guiding principles to help define space claims for the benefit of all humankind.



Beyond this, The Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies (see the Space Treaty of 1962), or as it is presently now known as the Outer Space Treaty6 (initially ratified in 1967) is the present international governance concerning outer space. As of July 2017, 107 countries are parties to the treaty, while another 23 have signed the treaty but have not completed ratification. (see footnote chart)

OUTER SPACE TREATY

Presently, the Outer Space Treaty forms the basis of International Space Law. Some revelatory conditions of this treaty encompass aspects regarding the right of all humankind to the ownership of space, most notably in the following articles:

Article I

The exploration and use of outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, shall be carried out for the benefit and in the interests of all countries, irrespective of their degree of economic or scientific development, and shall be the province of all mankind...

Article II

Outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, is not subject to national appropriation by claim of sovereignty, by means of use or occupation, or by any other means.



4 [4] https://www.state.gov/t/isn/5181.htm 5 [5] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terra_nullius



6 [6] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outer_Space_Treaty



SPACE IS CLEARLY DEFINED AS OWNED BY ALL OF HUMANKIND

As such, those who claim their right to the abundance therein will receive the benefit of their claim now and in the future. What must be noted is that NO nation state, government or sovereignty may lay claim to the property of space. Hence, individual states may govern their own citizens but will not be able to claim ownership rights to space though nationalistic law. To put it bluntly, no American would believe a Chinese or Russian law would govern them in the ownership of space. Of course, this would be true enough in the reverse as well. Hence, no nation state will be able to govern the claim in space.

To help our understanding of this problem, often it is best to examine known entities that have dealt with similar situations.



The Ordinamenta et consuetudo maris7 ("Ordinances and Custom of the Sea") was a convention governing maritime trade promulgated at Trani in 1063: "the oldest surviving maritime law code of the Latin West". This law formed the basis of what is now regarded as the Freedom of the Seas Doctrine. The oceans had long been subject to the freedom of-theseas doctrine - a principle put forth in the 17th century, essentially limiting national rights and jurisdiction over the oceans to a narrow belt of sea surrounding a nation's coastline. The remainder of the seas was proclaimed to be free to all and belonging to none.

Again, we see, where there is unexplored vastness, no legal framework exists for claims to be made by nation or crown. However, for our purposes it will be best to examine a more recent occurrence in international understanding and law. One that we are all more familiar with, the Internet.



7 [7] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordinamenta_et_cons uetudo_maris



"Once people and companies start heading off into space and claiming asteroids as their own, things are likely to get messy in the legal department. Luxembourg and the United States both have laws saying that asteroid mining is legal and you can keep whatever you find on the rock, but the 1967 Outer Space Treaty, signed by the U.S. and 124 other nations, seems to say otherwise."8



WHO OWNS THE INTERNET?

Clearly, no one owns the Internet. In a true sense, everyone owns it. We, as individuals, as corporations and even nation states may lay claim to a Domain on the Internet, in the vernacular, known as a DotCom or URL. We in effect "claim" our right to our domain and secure it. To keep our "claim" we renew it each year and are given a "key" to maintain it and a sophisticated registry is kept ensuring our claim is ours.

The registrar is a private company known as ICANN (The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers). This had to occur. For the Internet to be free for all humankind to use, no nation state could or should be in control of this worldwide phenomena.



Also, remember the most valued companies in the world today are using something that no one owns, or as many say, everyone owns. Their value is derived by "data-mining" the habits and day to day activities of every connected human being using the protocol. They lay `claim" to the information about us that makes up our lives. In the same sense, Asteroid, Ltd. will provide a secure an immutable BlockClaim for everyone interested in using the protocol.

Asteroid, Ltd. will provide the registry using the state-of-the-art Blockchain distributed ledger. It could be argued that if Blockchain technology existed at the advent of the Internet it would have been used to establish claiming rights to the domains in existence.

In essence, BlockClaims may likely be to space what Domains are to the Internet. Privately, corporately and nationally claimed within our public registry.



CONCEPT

 Doing the Numbers  The BlockClaim  The BlockClaim Process  Unique Liquidity and Ongoing Viability



This Whitepaper describes a proprietary mechanism, called a BlockClaim, to develop a distributed public ledger for Asteroid Mining Claims utilizing Blockchain technology.

Asteroid, Ltd. proposes a unique implementation, using our proprietary mechanism called a BlockClaim. The described system will be deployed worldwide to record mining claims both in a terrestrial environment and a non-terrestrial space environment. The proposed system will leverage smart contract techniques to automate a process whereby the dataset will define a mining claim, countryspecific royalty where and when applicable, the ability to establish, sell, bequeath or trade a claim, priority, and domicile in a specialized BlockClaim open-sourced mechanism.

Each Blockclaim will be secured via a token called ASTR (ASTRCOIN)

within the Ethereum platform. This will ensure significant usage of the ASTRCOIN currency, giving liquidity and growth in the value of the currency.



As Space exploration grows so will the value of ASTRCOIN. Immediate liquidity is achieved through the consistent registration of BlockClaims. These are projected to be in the 10's of million per annum. Beyond this, there may be the real potential for the ASTRCOIN currency to become the viable long-term nonterrestrial "Legal Tender" in Space.

A unique opportunity exists to provide a secure way to establish a claim to over 600,000 identified mineable asteroids within near celestial orbit. The implementation of the Asteroid Ledger will utilize the Ethereum Blockchain.

Asteroid, Ltd. will develop a Blockchain Clearing House International Ledger ("Asteroid Ledger") to make Asteroid Mining Claims. Asteroid will model its BlockClaim mechanism in much the same way that ICANN provides a way to obtain claiming rights to a Domain Name.

DOING THE NUMBERS

$700 Quintillion Reasons

NASA estimates the (asteroid) belt to hold $700 quintillion of bounty. That's about $100 billion for each person on Earth.



The numbers are astounding. There are over 600,000 identified and assayed asteroids in orbits that are close enough to us to be feasibly mined in the near future.

It has been said that space mining is a $100 Trillion-dollar market. Some even measure the value of asteroids in the quintillions of dollars. If managed and distributed properly every human



being can have ample resources. The internet has provided multitudes of people worldwide with access to instant information, education, resources and freedom in the Information Age, heretofore unimagined. We are now entering into the what has been referred to as the "Value Age" whereby, quite possibly, each of us can and will enjoy the benefits of an abundance presently available in our near celestial orbit.



Source: Asteroid Society



Source: Asteroid Society based on Wired



THE BLOCKCLAIM

The known near earth asteroids are currently being tracked by NASA, JPL, and Planet Centre. Each asteroid is catalogued with the composition, approach, size, and estimated dollar value.

Upon launch of the BlockClaim ledger, each asteroid's value is apportioned into a number of BlockClaims ; each representing $1,000,000 USD of value with each individual BlockClaim at a fixed price of $10 USD per claim.

BlockClaims can be registered by using an ASTR Token. A BlockClaim will be fixed to the equivalent of $10 USD and purchased by ASTR Token at the daily exchange rate.

For example:

Asteroid 162173 RYUGU (1999 JU3)8 has a $82.76 Billion Dollar USD* estimated value. ($82,760,000,000);

Each BlockClaim will be valued at $1 Million USD ; Hence, Asteroid 162173 RYUGU (1999 JU3)9 will have a total number of 82,760 BlockClaims available for registration at $10 USD of ASTR Token.



Overtime, as the Asteroid Ledger evolves, it is expected that the valuation modelling of the claim will increase based the number of claims remaining on that asteroid, proximity and approach to earth and the market value of its composition (i.e. precious metal prices increasing).

This will create a natural demand for certain asteroids which are more viable to mine or have a higher composition of rare earth metals.

Once a BlockClaim is registered, a claim will be identified and stored in an immutable record cryptographically secured in the Blockchain. The value of the BlockClaim can be tracked via our online platform and the "WhoClaim" registration dataset (comparable to "Whois" when referencing registration information on a URL).

The Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange ("ABE") (as it is developed and launched  see Product Roadmap) will allow individual BlockClaims to be traded & exchanged in an online marketplace and through potential mining co-operatives established by claimants.

Each registered BlockClaim will need to be renewed every 2 years by the claimant to retain the ongoing right to the claim.



8 [9] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UY7OiafFcA



9[10] https://www.forbes.com/



ASTR Token has an intrinsic (supported) value of $1,000 USD per Token. This is based on the $200,000,000,000 USD of BlockClaims held in reserve by Asteroid Ltd.; which will be achieved through the registration of 200,000 BlockClaims within the first 6 months after ICO.

ASTR Token is a defining moment in the continuing development of space exploration. It is uniquely positioned as a transactional currency both presently through the BlockClaim mechanism and in the foreseeable future as the potential digital currency in the mining of Asteroids.

Our projections indicate that millions of claims will be registered using BlockClaims giving ASTRcoins instant and continual liquidity.

ASTR Token will ICO at $10 USD.

The BlockClaim and ASTR Token give us a pathway for spectacular growth "As we reach to the Stars".



THE ASTEROID BLOCKCLAIM PROCESS

In an effort to create a familiar interface for making an Asteroid claim our development team has determined that the dataset provided in a "WHOIS"10 registration for a domain is conducive and affords a proven methodology to securing a claim.

Our BlockClaim mechanism will closely parallel the registry which many millions are familiar with. We will provide a proprietary "WHOCLAIM" lookup table for the public recording of the claim and provide similar private prohibitions when desired by the claimant for a small fee.

Hence, our lookup table will encompass such fields as, Asteroid Name, Asteroid Type, Asteroid Distance (measured in Astronomical Units "AU"), Asteroid Value, Asteroid Mineable Value, Asteroid Diameter, Asteroid Composition, Registered Name, Registered BlockClaim Value, Date BlockClaim Created, Registrar Expiration Date, Reseller Name, BlockClaim Status, Administrator Name, Registry BlockClaim Identifier ID, Admin Organization, Admin Street, Admin City, Admin, State/Province,



Admin Postal Code, Admin Country, Admin Domiciled Country Preference, Admin Phone, Admin Email, Last Update, Domiciled Royalty, Asteroid Mining Exchange ("ABE") ID, Previous Claimant;

This list is provided as an example of the dataset that will provide the information necessary to allow a BlockClaim to occur within the Asteroid BlockClaim mechanism.

UNIQUE LIQUIDITY AND ONGOING VIABILITY

Each BlockClaim will be secured by ASTR Tokens ("ASTRCOIN"). Only ASTR will be supported to make a BlockClaim. Hence, ASTR will have a continued and growing use as a currency. This will provide liquidity to the ASTR and provide ongoing viability for the currency.

Unlike many tokens being created there is life beyond the Initial Coin Offering "ICO" and as the network grows the ASTR Token ("ASTRCOIN") also grows with it.



10 [10] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WHOIS



THE ASTEROID SOCIETY

 Benefits  Marketing Model  Blockchain  Staking our Claim  The Space Race  Gartner Hype Cycle



The Asteroid Society11 is a membership based, Public Good Corporation, established in Hong Kong with over 28,000 verified members, and growing daily. It is much like the National Geographic Society, founded in 1888 as "a society for the increase and diffusion of geographical knowledge". The Asteroid Society will provide an infrastructure to create a significant worldwide voice to help determine the role of humankind as we reach to and explore space.

The Asteroid Society will be the exclusive marketing agent for the registration of BlockClaims provided by Asteroid, Ltd. Only ASTRCOINS will be accepted for the registration of a mining claim. Thirty-three percent ("33%") of each registration will be retained by the Asteroid Society to promote space exploration, help create Space Law, provide significant educational opportunities for children through the AstroScouts and provide specific grants for individuals, corporations and governments to develop technologies that will help ensure the safety of our planet from potential space impacts among other developments. Of course, a potential asteroid claimant will be an Asteroid Society member as the society develops a worldwide constituency and political voice.



BENEFITS PROVIDED THROUGH THE ASTEROID SOCIETY

 Creates Instant Crypto Liquidity  Creates Membership  Allows for Development of the

Protocol through a Crypto Market Valuation increase  Provides for significant membership growth which creates a strong Constituency and WorldWide voice

The Asteroid Society will offer membership, free of charge, to any individual seeking to take part in forming the future of Space Exploration. Once a membership is verified the member will be able to register a BlockClaim. An Asteroid Society member will use an ASTRCOIN ("ASTR Token") to register their BlockClaim. A member will use the ASTR Currency to secure and register their claim.

This will provide for three important aspects of the business model:

1) It will ensure a steady liquidity for the ASTR Token ("ASTRCOIN")

2) It will create a strong multinational membership with continued interest and support

3) It will create a significant strong voice in the development of nascent Space Law with an international constituency



11 [12] asteroidsociety.com



The Asteroid Society12 is a membership based corporation, established in Hong Kong with over 28,000 verified members. The Asteroid Society is a "Public Good Membership Organization". The Asteroid Society already has tens of thousands of people, like you, who are joining together to ensure that space will be ours, now and in future. Let us then, democratize space and create a new paradigm for the development of what is, unquestionably, the single largest and most rewarding adventure in the history of humankind.

www.ASTEROID.org

12 [12] asteroidsociety.com



THE MARKETING MODEL



"You have to know the past to understand the present"

Carl Sagan13, Astrophysicist



Interestingly, we needn't look into the distant past to understand the powerful effect of the "Law of Large Networks14" and the development of the Internet as we now know it.



As the network gets larger, the relationship between the number of nodes and the number of possible connections gets closer to half the square of the number of members of the network. If the network connects 10 people, 45 different connections are possible; if it connects 100 people, there are 4,950 possible connections; if it connects a million people, nearly half a trillion different two-way connections are possible.



In 1992 Network Solutions Inc.15 ("NSI") became the exclusive provider of and sole domain registrar for .com, .net and .org TLD's (Top Level Domains). NSI also maintained the central database of assigned names called WHOIS. NSI charged $100 for two-year claim on a registration, allowing 30% to create a fund called the "Internet Intellectual Infrastructure Fund". In 1998 the domain name industry opened up to partial competition with the formation of ICANN16 but with NSI retaining its full control over all .com,.org and .net registry. The history is telling. Those who are first in, retain strong positions throughout the business cycle in the network economy. However, it is also telling, in that, those who understand the basic desire for open-sourced and true transparency often win in the ongoing democratizing of information.



13 [13] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Sagan 14 [14] http://www.barrons.com/articles/SB1020471462644024800 15 [15] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Solutions 16 [16] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICANN



BLOCKCHAIN  STAKING OUR CLAIM

A full realization of the desire for transparency and democratization of claiming rights of all humankind brought Asteroid to a crossroad. How do we learn from the past and create a distributed ledger that is both robust and open and transparent?

By closely studying the past and realizing the value of a true Blockchain distributed ledger system we have created a unique and significant exclusive arrangement between "ASTEROID, Ltd.", the registrar and "THE ASTEROID SOCIETY".



THE SPACE RACE

We have all heard the terminology referred to as "The Space Race17". Of course, this reference was applied to the early days of space exploration and applied to nation vs. nation in this regard.

Today, the term may be similar, but the "race" embodies a remarkably different opportunity. What was the exclusive domain of nationalistic pride has now become an unrestricted and open exploration for private individuals and corporations. This turn-of-events, creates a new paradigm for the development of what is, unquestionably, the single largest and most rewarding adventure in the history of humankind.

There is no hyperbole within these statements, but rather those who recognize the immensity and potential of near celestial exploration will reap financial benefit for generations to come. This is not unlike those who could foresee the opportunity that the World Wide Web presented 25 years ago.



17 [17] http://www.diamandis.com/blog/newrace-to-space



GARTNER HYPE CYCLE

Humans are famously bad at predicting the future of technologies. We often think in linear terms therefore discounting the exponential nature of both biological and business growth. Hence, we tend to overestimate technology's abilities in the nearterm, and massively underestimate what it can do in the long term. The shape of that curve has come to be known as the Gartner Hype Cycle18, and the five stages of that curve are important for any entrepreneur or investor to understand. Public excitement and anticipation of every technology, be it artificial intelligence, 3D printing, robotics, or Blockchain, follow a similar path (see chart). We are at the apex of a new revolution whereby value will be created that is transformative in business and culture. It is inevitable. It is permanent. It is happening now.

Empowering People Worldwide

As we empower people we automatically receive the benefit of what is now known as the "Law of Large Networks". As the network increases the growth often happens in exponential "jumps". As ASTRCOIN is introduced and the benefit of a BlockClaim is propagated throughout the network. Exponential factors will both expand the network and the value of the ASTRCOIN currency.

18 [18] http://www.diamandis.com/blog/5-stages-of-the-hype-cycle



TECHNOLOGY

 Immutable Distributed Ledger  The Asteroid Registry  BlockClaim search  Contract Engine  The Asteroid Ledger

IMMUTABLE DISTRIBUTED LEDGER

Asteroid, Ltd. recognises, that to truly democratize space, a decentralized system must be established that will allow any individual, corporation or nation state the ability to easily and efficiently make their claim. A BlockClaim will use a decentralised claim transaction. Each BlockClaim is essentially an immutable and secure smart contract utilising the Blockchain to store the registered claim ("BlockClaim"). The platform will also combine solutions for searching for claims, registering and payment using ASTR Tokens ("ASTRCOINS").

Initially, not everything will be stored in the Blockchain, but as the platform and Ethereum evolve it will become more and more a pure decentralised system.

The platform is made up of a number of software components, which are listed below.

THE ASTEROID REGISTRY

In much the same way that you search for a Domain (a URL address) from a Domain Registry, the Asteroid Registry contains a complete database of all asteroids and the BlockClaims that are available for registration.

The Asteroid Registry will contain pertinent information about each individual asteroid. This data can be



understood as metadata. This Information will be categorized by size, composition, distance and more details specific to its location and orbit related to earth or our solar system.

This data will be used to index and calculate the estimated value of each asteroid and the number of available BlockClaims available for registration by a claimant.

The Asteroid Registry will provide as much detail about the available asteroids as possible. The claimant will be able to search by name of asteroid, type, composition and many other properties. They will also be able to view which asteroids are trending, in demand and when recent purchases have been made.

Overtime, the Asteroid Registry will evolve to be a complete repository of information about each asteroid. As space technology improves more and more information will become available and catalogued and searchable within the Asteroid Registry.

The Asteroid Registry will utilise the WHOCLAIM service for users who want to verify if and when a particular BlockClaim has been made on an asteroid. In this way, access to the BlockClaim stored in the Blockchain will be performed.



WHOCLAIM - "BLOCKCLAIM SEARCH"

A WhoClaim is a search facility and interface wherein retrieval of information about a BlockClaim may be queried from the Asteroid Ledger residing within a Blockchain. The purpose of a WhoClaim is to provide and maintain timely, unrestricted and public access to accurate and complete BlockClaim information directly from the Blockchain.

The WhoClaim service offers validation that the BlockClaim has been secured and is registered as per the Smart Contract. It will provide registrant information and contract information similar to a WHOIS record lookup from ICANN.

CONTRACT ENGINE

When a claimant decides to register a BlockClaim on an Asteroid a smart contract is executed.



Each smart contract is responsible for a single BlockClaim. It will contain functions that allow the creation, contract updates and other administrative functions such as expiry, domicile country of registration, royalty and taxation information where applicable.

Each BlockClaim has a unique Blockchain cryptographic identifier that will serve as evidence of the claim. The BlockClaim is registered for 2 years, at which point it may be renewed or again be registered back to the ledger as unclaimed.

As the platform evolves it will need to allow for BlockClaim trades, exchanges, royalties, authorization of mining activities and other innovations in asteroid mining.



REGISTRATION OF A BLOCKCLAIM WITH ASTRCOIN

The registration of the BlockClaim is secured using ASTRCOINS during this process. The value of a single BlockClaim is calculated as $10 USD. A claimant will purchase an equivalent amount in ASTRCOIN referenced by the exchange rate at the time the BlockClaim is secured. Hence, a BlockClaim may only be registered by using ASTRCOINS.

THE ASTEROID LEDGER

Unified Distributed Ledger

When a claimant decides to register a BlockClaim on an asteroid, a smart contract is executed on the Asteroid Ledger.

Each Smart Contract is responsible for a single BlockClaim. It will contain functions that allow the creation, contract updates and other



administrative functions such as expiry, domicile country of registration, royalty and taxation information where applicable.

Each BlockClaim has a unique Blockchain cryptographic identifier that will serve as evidence of the claim.

The BlockClaim is registered for 2 years, at which point the BlockClaim may be renewed or again be registered back to the ledger as unclaimed.

The registration of the BlockClaim is done using ASTRCOINS during this process.

The value of a single BlockClaim is calculated as $10 USD.

A claimant will purchase an equivalent amount in ASTRCOIN referenced by the exchange rate at the time the BlockClaim is secured.



THE ASTEROID BLOCKCLAIM EXCHANGE ("ABE")

The Asteroid Society will provide a marketplace on the Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange ABE for the registration of an Asteroid Mining BlockClaim. This will be an online portal where a member of the Asteroid Society will be able to instantly register a BlockClaim on any identified asteroid.

The registration fee for a BlockClaim will be payable only in ASTRCOIN at the equivalent rate of $10 USD for every $1,000,000 USD of value a BlockClaim on a particular asteroid.

Currently there are over 600,000 asteroids identified with an estimated value of:

$700 Quintillion USD ($700,000,000,000,000,000 USD). (source NASA)

Hence, the ABE will be able to register up to:

700 Billion BlockClaims (700,000,000,000 BlockClaims).

Of course, as new asteroids are discovered they will be added to the ABE index.

Asteroid Society members who complete a simple ID Verification will be given access to the Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange (ABE) where a BlockClaim may be made.



Future plans for the ABE will include the expansion to be able to buy, sell, hypothecate, lease, bequeath, and trade BlockClaims amongst members. In order to maintain both the liquidity of the currency and meet specific regulatory mandates regarding crypto currency all transactions will require the use of ASTRCOIN as payment.

Additionally, new feature sets are envisaged, which will also incorporate the ability to collect royalties from asteroid miners seeking to extract the valuable minerals from asteroids which have a BlockClaim by members of the Asteroid Society.

Royalty payments will require the use of ASTRCOIN as a payment method. We envision that small and large countries will compete for claimants to "lodge" or "domicile" their claim in a country with the more favourable royalty and tax laws. ASTRCOIN may also be used a "Legal Tender" in space. ASTRCOIN could be used in the normal everyday space economy, much like Bitcoin has been widely accepted today.

Space needs will require supplies, repair, water, oxygen, minerals, shelter, rocketry and even 3d printing, among a myriad of new technologies brought about by the exploration and monetization of space.

Hence, the present value and liquidity of ASTRCOIN is achieved through many millions of transactions to secure a claim and in the future by the simple understanding of the need to provide a space currency.



PLATFORM WORKFLOW

Below is a description of the main workflow expected to occur during an envisioned BlockClaim registration:

1. Potential claimant searches the Asteroid Registry to find an asteroid on which they would like to register their claim

2. The Claimant is provided BlockClaims that are available categorized by value, composition distance and the like

3. Once selected, a Blockclaim registration is consummated and the registration fee is completed using ASTRCOIN

4. The registration agreement is generated by the Asteroid Contract engine. a. Only ASTRCOIN may be used to register a BlockClaim b. Effectively a Smart Contract is executed at this point

5. Claimant receives notification that the registration has been verified and signs the agreement electronically

6. The BlockClaim is submitted to the Asteroid Ledger (Blockchain)

7. Once the registration fee is received, the BlockClaim platform generates all the relevant documentation for the BlockClaim and marks the registration as complete

8. In a future workflow, the user of the Asteroid Ecosystem will be able to buy, sell, trade, give, transfer or hypothecate, their claim(s) through the Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange (ABE).



BLOCKCLAIM ECONOMICS

A BlockClaim will consist of the following value proposition:

 Each asteroid will be divided into a number of BlockClaims based on $1,000,000 value divided by the total value of the asteroid. This will govern the maximum number of BlockClaims made available to register on a specific asteroid

TAV (Total Asteroid Value) /$1,000,000 = Total number of BlockClaims

 No one Asteroid Society member will be able to claim more than 20% of the value of any one asteroid

TAV (Total Asteroid Value)  20% = Available BlockClaims per member

 Co-operative BlockClaims; As an asteroid is mined by a mining company or nation state each co-operative BlockClaim mining member will be compensated in accordance with the percentage of the asteroid their BlockClaim represents

TVA (Total Asteroid Value) / (Total BlockClaims/Co-Op Member's BlockClaims)= MBCR (Member's BlockClaim Royalties)

 A payment system is in development whereby members will receive compensation, payable in ASTRCOIN currency utilizing the Blockchain, for mining performed on their registered BlockClaim

 The payment system will also allow for the automated payment in ASTRCOIN to the stakeholders in the system topology

 The BlockClaim mechanism will allow an asteroid mining company the ability to pay royalties to claimants for BlockClaim asteroids they wish to mine. A purposed methodology will entail the use of a 3D Scan laser scanning device that details the x, y, and z co-ordinates in space, thereby mathematically describing the total volume of the asteroid before and after mining operations. The asteroid miner will pay royalties to a BlockClaim owner in ASTRCOIN. This process will be provided for in an automatically executed smart contract through the Blockchain for a specified rate based on the volume of ore extracted

 Another potential "Natural Fork" in the Blockchain will be for the support of deep space explorers who need to extract minerals from asteroids for fuel, water, and other supplies required for long journeys. ASTRCOINS may be the preferred payment system for space explorers using asteroids as waystations as they journey through space



CROWDFUNDING

ASTR TOKEN DISTRIBUTION PROCESS WILL INVOLVE:

 The Asteroid ICO and the corresponding ASTR Token creation process is organized around smart contracts running on Ethereum using the ERC20

 The ASTR Token Initial Coin Offering ("ICO") will begin on Monday, 27st November 2017 16:00:00 UTC+8 (Hong Kong Time)

Instructions on how contributors can participate will be made available at www.ASTRCOIN.io

 Participating by sending ETH (Ethererum) to the designated URL address by registering your details and following the instruction on the website at: www.ASTRCOIN.io

 Submitting the contribution; participants are requesting to receive

ASTR Tokens at the ASTR price:

(please refer to ASTR TOKEN DISCOUNT TABLE on page 35)

 A stated Distribution Period that will run for a period of 30 days

 ASTR Tokens to be received by contributors which will be transferrable 7 days after the end of the Distribution Period

 Asteroid, Ltd, Hong Kong (the "Company") who controls the contract and the address to which gathered Ether ("ETH") will be sent

 ASTR Tokens will be distributed during the Token Generation Event ("TGE") on or before 31st January 2018

 For queries about your participation please contact us at: info@ASTRCOIN.io



ASTR TOKEN PRICE



ASTR Token - ASTR | Based on: Ethereum (ASTERCOIN) Total token supply: 200,000,000 (two-hundred million) Total ICO token supply: 100,000,000 (one-hundred million) ASTR Tokens Total ICO Token CrowdSale: 50%



ASTR TOKEN DISCOUNT TABLE

Discounts Based on $300,000,000 Initial Market Valuation



TO PRESERVE YOUR BUYING POWER, ETH AND BTC WILL BE CALCULATED ON A DAILY BASIS (@ 01:00:00 UTC +8) IN THE ASTRCOIN.IO WEBSITE PORTAL. IF PAYMENT IS MADE IN ETH, A SMART CONTRACT WILL EXECUTE UPON RECEIPT OF YOUR PAYMENT. IF MADE IN BTC, UPON VERIFICATION OF YOUR PAYMENT, A CONFIRMATION RECEIPT WILL BE SENT WITHIN 24HRS. YOUR ASTRCOIN WILL BE SENT TO THE ERC20 COMPATIBALE WALLET YOU PROVIDED.



NOTE: YOUR WALLET OF CHOICE MAY ALSO NOTIFY YOU OF YOUR TRANSACTION IF IT IS PROVISIONED AS SUCH



Time Pre-Sale On Until Sale Close



1 ETH ASTR ASTR ASTR ASTR ASTR



Discount 75% 60%



Availability 10,000,000 90,000,000



(provided for example only)

All 100,000,000 tokens will be issued following the close of the Token Sale. If any remaining tokens are available they will be allocated back to the company to be used in the BlockClaim Ecosystem. All purchases of ASTR tokens are nonrefundable.

Payment accepted for the Sale Event will be:

ETHER  ETH (Automated Smart Contract Will Execute Immediately Upon Payment)

BITCOIN  BTC (A confirmation will be sent within 24hrs of verification of payment)

Payment will be received at: https://www.ASTRCOIN.io ( SECURE Payment Portal)



IMPORTANT: NO OTHER DOMAINS OR PORTALS MAY ACCEPT PAYMENT



Asteroid may liquidate or hedge the cryptocurrencies received, once they are released from escrow for tax and price volatility reasons.



ASTR Token Generation & Redeem by Pre-Sale Buyers 6th NOV - 27th NOV



Official Sale of Tokens by Company Begins



21st NOV  31st JAN 2108



First day of ASTR Token Trading



31st JAN 2018



To calculate for market fluctuations and volatility ASTRcoin will be adjusted to both ETH and BTC daily @ 1UTC+8 (9AMHK Time) thereby passing the market valuation to the ICO Contributor



ASTR TOKEN ALLOCATION

All available ASTR Tokens will be issued during the Distribution Period. The total number of ASTR Token to be issued will be calculated at the end of the Distribution Period.



50% 45% 4.9%

0.1%



Public

Company's reserve Management & Employees

("Employee Tokens")

Kept to maintain the 200,000 BlockClaims of Asteroid Ltd in support of the ASTR Token value.



CAP ON FUNDRAISING

There will be no cap on funds raised.

PRE-SALE

To participate in pre-sale please go to the website: www.ASTRCOIN.io



PRODUCT ROADMAP



Ceres Seed



Pallas Society & Claim System



Vesta Exchange



Hygiea Exploration & Growth



Initial Coin Offering

List ASTR Tokens on an Exchange

Bootstrap community building and start implementing processes in the "Ceres" phase for the Society

Marketing and Advertising to expand Asteroid Society Verified membership beyond the current 28,000 members



Complete the Development of the Asteroid BlockClaim Platform

First Launch of the Claim Platform that allows ASTRCOIN to register BlockClaims on asteroids

Expansion of Asteroid Society to add the market place for members to register BlockClaims using ASTRCOINS.

Develop a IOS and Android mobile app to allow for immediate and continued access to the registration of a claim.



ABE Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange. Bring on an online Exchange to allow trading of BlockClaims.

Investment in Space Ventures and innovations.

Develop the AstroScouts; a membership organization for boys and girls, ages 6-17, for space exploration, scientific study, gaming and activities related to astronomical discovery.



Introduce Visualisation and 3D Mapping of your BlockClaim.

Introduce domicile royalties for claimant governments.

Sophisticated Massively Multiplayer Online Game ("MMO Game"); within the framework of the game each player will determine "real-world" solutions to the challenges of space mining and exploration.



ICO + 0



ICO + 6



ICO + 12



ICO + 24



USE OF PROCEEDS

Initially, the proceeds will be used in our BlockClaim development, the ecosystem and the platform. However, there are a number of allocations of the funds that will be prioritized over the next 24 months.

MEMBERSHIP ACQUISITION

Membership acquisition will be provided through an exclusive contract with the Asteroid Society and a specialized advertising and marketing campaign will be instituted.

IT TEAM & DEVELOPMENT

IT Team & Infrastructure is related to the development and deployment of the Asteroid Contract Engine and the Asteroid Registry.

LEGAL FUND

Asteroid Ltd. believes there will be legal challenges as the registry and the BlockClaim topology is deployed worldwide. These challenges will relate to the absence of any particular law governing this new area of exploration and entitlement, albeit there is, presently, a strong and ratified Outer Space Treaty that defines space as democratized and owned by all humankind.

As such, Asteroid believes it prudent to ensure there is a substantial legal fund set aside. Asteroid will develop the premier international team of both



in-house legal and external law firms as the development of space law unfolds. Beyond this, most "claimant" legal challenges will be handled within The Asteroid Society, thus ensuring a strong public voice helping to democratize space as the present UN treaty envisions.

OFFICE & EXPENSES

Office & expenses will be handled as a matter of course and will reflect the typical considerations associated with a new venture.

INVESTMENTS

Our mission is to make space and it vast wealth accessible to everyone. Over time Asteroid, Ltd. will make investments into companies that specialize in space mining and other space related industries.

The aforementioned amounts will be covered by the proceeds from the Distribution of Asteroid ICO and the income from the retained ASTR Tokens. Proceeds will ensure the development and deployment of the Asteroid Contract Engine, Asteroid Registry, Asteroid Society, ABE (Asteroid BlockClaim Exchange), AstroScouts, Legal Team, Business Development Team, Marketing Team, Advertising Budget and Executive Compensation and Future Investments.



USE OF PROCEEDS



Membership Acquisition: 40%



BlockClaim Development: 20%



Future Investments:



15%



Legal Expenses:



10%



IT Team Infrastructure:



10%



Office:



5%



INNOVATION TEAM



I enthusiastically embrace the universal ideal of empowering people worldwide. My experience with billion dollar multi-national firms will help ensure a steady and continued growth of both the BlockClaim Ecosystem and the ASTRCOIN currency. Let us join together and make space



LOU YEE MAN DR. FIORELLA TERENZI



To learn is to grow, and the result is not only personal fulfilment, success in life but also the enrichment and elevation of humankind. As I little girl, my grandmother and I pondered the vastness of the stars. I knew then, as now, it will take a new scientist, maybe a woman, to challenge us all, women and men, boys and girls to begin to lay claim to what is ours... join us in this quest.



I am privileged to be part of an organization that allows me to

apply my business experience to help build the infrastructure that will make it possible for every human being to lay claim to the vast wealth of space using our proprietary BlockClaim

technology.



J. WALSH JR.



MATTHEW SHELDRICK



ASTRCOIN is the ICO for everyone. My 25 years' experience in the financial markets leads me to conclude that the ICO marketplace will democratize venture financing for corporations and individuals alike. Everyone can now participate. The BlockClaim Ecosystem is both imaginative and revolutionary. It is a blending of what has been and what the future may bring.



ANDREW BAILLIE



Asteroid mining is going to become a world changing reality faster than we think. Asteroid Ltd will democratize space by providing the opportunity for anyone to make their claim to Space using our proprietary BlockClaim mechanism. Asteroid Ltd is the rocket-ship we should all want a seat on!



GREG MITCHELL We are excited to be working on the technology infrastructure for Asteroid, Ltd. and look forward to implementing the BlockClaim mechanism to allow people the ability to register their claim to space.

LAITH TARISH



INNOVATION TEAM_BIO



Lou Yee Man - Director

Hong Kong born business executive with a MBA from HKUST. Her experience in senior management with multibillion dollar companies brings a wealth of expertise to building a strong foundation in deploying a large-scale network for the BlockClaim Ecosystem that Asteroid, Ltd. is establishing.



Dr. Fiorella Terenzi PhD. _ Astrophysicist, Author, TV-Personality



Italian-born astrophysicist, author and recording artist who is best known for taking recordings of radio waves from far-away galaxies and turning them into music. She received her doctorate from the University of Milan but is currently based in the United States. Described by Time magazine as "a cross between Carl Sagan and Madonna", Dr. Terenzi has studied opera and composition at Conservatory G. Verdi, Corsi Popolari Serali and taught physics and astronomy at various U.S. colleges and universities; she is currently on the full-time faculty at Florida International University in Miami.

Joseph Walsh Jr - Managing Director

Since the inception of Asteroid, Ltd., approximately two years ago, Mr. Walsh has been the Managing Director. As such, he has led a team of consultants, legal, financial and creative people in the development and deployment of the technology and infrastructure necessary to achieve the democratization of space. Mr. Walsh has been instrumental in bringing together a worldwide group of likeminded professionals to create the BlockClaim.

Matthew Sheldrick -Chartered Accountant

20+ years stockbroking experience and holds a Bachelor of Commerce Degree from the University of Western Australia and is a qualified Chartered Accountant. Matthew has over 25 years' experience in the accounting, corporate and financial advisory industries. He has founded a number of ASX listed companies and has been involved in the growth of these companies by way of mergers and acquisitions. He has also previously acted for a number of ASX listed companies in a variety of executive and non-executive roles.



Development Group Cirrena

GREG MITCHELL We are excited to be working on the technology infrastructure for Asteroid, Ltd. and look forward to implementing the BlockClaim mechanism to allow people the ability to register their claim to space.



Andrew Baillie  Human Resources



Experienced leader with generalist and specialist Human Resources background. Proven skills in addressing key strategic challenges including financial, competitive, operational effectiveness and assessment and selection of key talent in both non-profit and corporate sectors. Mr. Baillie has worked for SmithKline Beecham plc London (USD $8.2 Billion) and Experian (USD $1.4 Billion) in Human Resources in recruitment and professional development.



LAITH TARISH



"There is no strife, no prejudice, no national conflict in outer space as yet. Its hazards are hostile to us all. Its conquest deserves the best of all mankind, and its opportunity for peaceful cooperation may never come again."

John F. Kennedy, Moon Speech Rice Stadium, September 12, 1962



RISK FACTORS

Refer to the Sales Terms Document



REFERENCE

[1] https://sploid.gizmodo.com/it-seems-a-miracle-we-are-not-extinct-with-600-000aste-1589782213 `'600,000 asteroids..." [2] https://www.spaceanswers.com/news/the-700-quintillion-asteroid-belt/

[3] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Asteroid_mining [4] https://www.state.gov/t/isn/5181.htm [5] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Terra_nullius [6] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outer_Space_Treaty [7] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ordinamenta_et_consuetudo_maris [8] https://www.marketplace.org/2017/09/18/tech/economics-outer-space-marketplacetech [9] https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U-Y7OiafFcA [10] https://www.forbes.com/sites/abigailtracy/2015/07/20/these-are-the-priciestasteroids-in-the-galaxy/#2772d76b3cfc [11] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WHOIS [12] asteroidsociety.com [13] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carl_Sagan [14] http://www.barrons.com/articles/SB1020471462644024800 [15] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Network_Solutions [16] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ICANN [17] http://www.diamandis.com/blog/new-race-to-space [18] http://www.diamandis.com/blog/5-stages-of-the-hype-cycle



