1



Content

 Introduction  AUTONIO Business Model & Features  AUTONIO Prototype & Trading Indicators  Tokens & Coin Distribution  Roadmap  Conclusion

2



Introduction



According to a recent JP Morgan report 90% of all Wall Street trading volume is attributed to automated HFT and Index Funds.1 Advanced learning algorithms have largely been the domain of trading banks and hedge funds that use AI as part of a larger strategy that employs a variety of trading tactics. Their types of models react to split second changes in relationships between different markets. The spoils go to the banks with the fastest models and the fastest execution that can take advantage of short term transient market inefficiencies. Because the markets traded are mature, the movements are usually minute, with huge transactions that drive correspondingly high profits.



On the other hand, cryptocurrencies are the brave new world of trading. The markets are



relatively young and still very inefficient. It is not unusual to see bitcoins move 10% in a single



day. In addition, due to size and potential regulatory conflicts, the cryptocurrency markets are



largely shunned by established trading houses leaving the field open for dynamic young



companies to take



advantage



of



the



opportunities in the markets.



With market capitalization



ballooning (cryptocurrency



market capitalization has



grown from $8.8bn to



$80.6bn in the past year



with no signs of a



slowdown), the time is right



for a dispassionate, self-



learning trading engine to



take advantage of an



environment where less



professional and less



disciplined traders create



many profit opportunities.



Cryptocurrencies



are



obviously a natural fit for



automated trading; the market volatility can be hugely profitable using AI-based trading and is



rapidly gaining popularity. Automated trading is mainly achieved using scripts that need some



coding experience and are devoid of GUI, or through one of about half a dozen commercial



products requiring expensive memberships. Crypto trading may not be easy and sure-shot thing



for everyone.



And, therefore we introduce AUTONIO.



1 1https://www.forbes.com/sites/robisbitts2/2017/08/01/4-numbers-that-really-matter-to-investorsnow/#7d91cd6a346e

3



AUTONIO Business Model & Features



The efficacy of AI has already been proven. We now have AI being used in a range of supportive technologies from security to medical research, natural disaster prediction and agriculture. Deep learning models are utilized to predict consumer behavior, traffic flow in urban centers, and Google's AI AlphaGo bested World Go champion Lee Sedol in four out of five matches last year, a feat that until very recently was considered impossible.



AUTONIO is the first decentralized AI-powered trading robots that deploys years of knowledge gained from Wall Street's automated high frequency trading (HFT) industry making use of market indicators to analyze cryptocurrency trends in order to generate buy/sell signals and execute trades. Mimicking strategies honed by some of the biggest players on Wall Street, AUTONIO believes cryptocurrencies are a new class of assets ripe for conquering with intelligent machine learning algorithms and neural networks.



Trading bots or algorithmic trading is a technique that uses pre-programmed software that analyzes market actions, such as time, price, orders, and volume.



Within the cryptocurrency-



trading arena, AI trading is



still in its infancy. It either



requires



expensive



membership and/or additional



coding experience. Autonio is



distinctly different from the



existing trading tools like



Btcrobot,



Cryptotrader,



Haasonline, Cryptoping,



Gekko, Zenbot, Tradewave.



http://www.btcrobot.com is a



Clickbank



sales



product, https://cryptoping.te



ch did an ICO and raised $2.5



million for providing



trading signals as SMS, and



all others are old products



with paid subscription model,



which charges 200 to 500



USD a month per user.



Autonio stands-out tall amongst its competitors in several ways:



4



Firstly, its easy-to-use GUI does not need any coding or trading experience.



Secondly, it automatically combines multiple indicators into a single clear buy/sell signal and executes the trades in as high frequency as the user decides. To make its high speed buy / sell decisions, Autonio currently integrates 5 indicators that include EMA, MACD, RSI, Bollinger Bands, Ultimate Oscillator, which are subsequently discussed. 25 more indicators are currently under development and will be integrated subsequent to ICO funding.



Thirdly, the users can personalize and optimize their trading strategies by combining the trading indicators to maximize their returns. Basically users can design their own investment / divestment strategies and let AUTONIO do the rest on their behalf.



Fourthly, the AUTONIO platform allows users to back test each of their alternative strategies and chose the one with highest returns.



Fifthly, the Autonio platform



publishes an Official NIO



Trading



Championship



Leaderboard that dynamically



lists the top trading strategies.



Leaderboards are not only fun



way to drive competition among



users, but the NIO



Championship Leaderboard goes



a step ahead and makes it more



exciting and profitable by



allowing the NIO Champion



strategies to be bought, sold,



leased, traded among the



participating traders within a



decentralized system in



exchange for NIO Tokens using



smart contracts. Thus allowing



traders to boost their returns by



using the most profitable strategy



designed by the expert traders.



Potential users can get a flavor of



this feature during Autonio



presale campaign by winning



bounties for topping the



leaderboard.



Finally, there are still more exciting features and expansion plans that we are keeping under wraps for now. Expect some major new feature announcement subsequent to the ICO.



5



In a nutshell AUTONIO aims to bring together the crypto trading community, connecting experts to newbie users, and allowing people from diverse backgrounds to share their expertise and let the community as a whole benefit from crypto market volatility. Users not only compete with each other on the basis of the most rewarding trading strategies that hits the top of the leaderboard, but they benefit from the strategies of the top traders thereby making trading further more exciting and rewarding. Furthermore, as noted by an algorithm-trading expert, robot trading is not a "fire-and-forget" missile. You can't just let it run by itself for extended periods. When fully developed AUTONIO aims to breaks that barrier.

AUTONIO Prototype & Trading Indicators

Artificial intelligence has proven its power and advantage at recognizing general trends, in trading traditional stocks and other time-series analysis tasks. Inspired by this, we focus on creating an artificial intelligence trade robot that will be able to predict the course and the trend of particular cryptocurrency. In particular, we apply two types of predictive models. The first is a classification model, which predicts the direction of the change: whether it is going to be positive, negative or constant. The second algorithm is a forecasting model that will use the input of the first one, and will project the price of the cryptocurrency.

The AUTONIO platform is built on Javascript, PHP, and Ethereum smart contracts for securely connecting the trading ecosystem. Right now we have Bitfinex to showcase a functional demo product for potential investors to back test and see various AI trading strategies and potential profits they can make with those strategies. Bitfinex has about 28 currency pairs and all the 28 pairs are available for users to test various trading strategies. New coins when added to affiliated exchanges will be automatically updated to our software. ICO investors can actually design their own strategies and check how their returns can be optimized. In fact as pre-ICO promotion AUTONIO is offer bounties to traders who can use

6



AUTONIO to top the NIO Champions Leaderboard and win tokens. On one hand this will give the investors an opportunity to get a feel of AUTONIO platform, and on the other hand it will provide a valuable input for improving the platform. 1. Exponential Moving Average (EMA) Crossovers An exponential moving average (EMA) is a type of moving average that is similar to a simple moving average, except that more weight is given to the latest data. It's also known as the exponentially weighted moving average. This type of moving average reacts faster to recent price changes than a simple moving average.

The EMA indicator is popular amongst the Forex traders for its visual simplicity. Traders can quickly assess the prevailing trend of price behavior from the direction of the EMA. The key points of reference are when the EMA crosses over the pricing candlesticks or another EMA. If prices are going up and a crossover occurs, that is viewed as a "Buy" signal, and vice-versa.

7



2. Relative Strength Index (RSI) The relative strength index (RSI) is a momentum indicator developed by noted technical analyst Welles Wilder that compares the magnitude of recent gains and losses over a specified time period to measure speed and change of price movements of a security. It is primarily used to attempt to identify overbought or oversold conditions in the trading of an asset.

3. Moving average convergence divergence (MACD) Moving average convergence divergence (MACD) is a trend-following momentum indicator that shows the relationship between two moving averages of prices. The MACD is calculated by subtracting the 26-day exponential moving average (EMA) from the 12-day EMA. A nine-day EMA of the MACD, called the "signal line", is then plotted on top of the MACD, functioning as a trigger for buy and sell signals.

8



4. Bollinger Bands Developed by famous stock trader John Bollinger, Bollinger Band is plotted two standard deviations away from a simple moving average. Bollinger Bands are a highly popular technical analysis technique. Many traders believe the closer the prices move to the upper band, the more overbought the market, and the closer the prices move to the lower band, the more oversold the market. AUTONIO's AI engine follows Bollinger's 22 rules for its trading decision.

5. Ultimate Oscillator It is a technical indicator invented by Larry Williams that uses the weighted average of three different time periods to reduce the volatility and false transaction signals that are associated with many other indicators that mainly rely on a single time period.

9



User can use single indicator or combination of indicators that emit signals based on user input in an easy to use GUI to device the best AI trading strategies.

Tokens & Coin Distribution

Our tokens will be of a standardized ERC20 form, so they can easily be integrated or displayable for any other party who wishes to do so. All of this code will be publicly available in our repositories and can be audited by anyone who wishes to do so.

When the NIO Token sale completes successfully, the NIO Tokens will be enabled for transfer among the members instantly. Tokens can be pre-purchased through the ICO site, or earned through a series of bonus / bounty / referral programs or via the AUTONIO platform. The funds become available to AUTONIO under the milestones described under 'Project Funds Release'. To promote trust in the AUTONIO project and to execute a successful Token sale we have established an escrow arrangement using Ethereum Multisig wallet. NIO tokens will be eventually listed on several of the cyptocurrency exchanges for trading.

Ether Multisig Wallet: We will be using standard Ethereum Multisig wallet contract created through the Ethereum/Mist Wallet. We'll use a trusted escrow service.

Use of Funds:

The proceeds of the funds raised will be used to deliver on our goal of making cryptocurrency trading exciting and profitable to users of any level of experience from novices to experts, by using advance AI algorithms, and eventually move crypto trading towards the path of a decentralized and autonomous system that becomes a truly "fire-and-forget" system. This will entail allocating funds in the following 3 major categories: 1. Human resources: Our existing team needs to be expanded to deliver on our development

roadmap. This will consume 60-65% of the budget. 2. Marketing Resources: 20-25% of the budget will go towards creation of marketing resources

that include content creation and manpower to drive AUTONIO user base and boost brand awareness via appropriate channels. 3. Administrative Overheads: 15-20% of the budget will cover administration, legal and other operating expenses.

Token Sale Period: September 22nd, 2017 at 00:00 CST  22nd October at 00:00 CST Ticker: NIO Total Supply: 256,000,000 NIO Platform: Ethereum Hard Cap: $10,000,000 Crowd-Sale: 179,200,000 NIO Founding Team: 38,400,000 NIO Partners: 25,600,000 NIO Bounty Program: 12,800,000 NIO

10



Bonuses

September 22nd, First 24h: 20% Bonus September 23rd - 30th : 10% bonus October 1st - 7th: 5% Bonus October 8th - 15th : 2.5% Bonus October 16th onwards: No Bonus

ICO starts on September 22nd, 2017 at 00:00 CST. The sale will continue for one month until October 22nd, 2017 at 00:00 CTC. Maximum cap on crowdsale is $10,000,000. From a total supply of 256,000,000 NIO Tokens 25,600,000 tokens will be available in pre-sale. 179,200,000 NIO tokens are reserved for crowdsale. 38,400,000 are reserved for the founding team and 12,800,000 Tokens will be used for bounty programs. Tokens can be purchased with Ethereum. All unclaimed tokens will be burned, and full report on investments and resulting supply of tokens will be released. We will be assessing and verifying ICO results for a week after it ends. After that, all investors will be able to withdraw their tokens to their wallets. Adding NIO to exchanges will follow after. The buybacks and token burning will begin at the same time.

11



Conclusion

There are 1025 different coins listed on different cryptocurrency exchanges. Coins that are backed by some unique concepts with significant future earning potential are few and far between. The efficiency of Autonio and the disruptive platform it creates making buying, selling or leasing of trading strategies possible in exchange for NIO tokens all but ensures its position in the market. The interdependence of the token and the tech adds huge value to NIO. Although there's no way to assess or make future predictions on how a cryptocurrency trades in future, it's underlying business model, and the importance to it could be a good way to make a fair evaluation.

Cryptocurrency trading involves many risks, one of which is making the wrong decision. Wrong decisions are mostly coming out of human emotions. An AI trading robot, built on machine learning algorithm, is devoid of those human weaknesses, such as, impatience, fear, greed, and latency. The ability to execute millions of trades per day based on the machine-learned intelligence of the cryptocurrency market, without the hindrances of human emotions, boosts the ability of the robot to quickly turn around profits from each trade. Although, such high-frequency trading (HFT) makes tiny bit of profit on each individual trade, but done thousands of times a day it accumulates above average return to the investor. AUTONIO's algorithm also tracks market bugs and system inefficiencies with speeds that beat other trading bots. Further we will hire quants to program advanced AI trading strategies for our users.

Currently there is nothing that can rival Autonio with the function and its ease in question. It doesn't require expensive monthly payments unlike the inefficient and inconsistent options. It works even when you sleep constantly doing its best to generate revenues. In addition to our executive team, we expect to further increase our team by cooperating with the best external experts and consultants on the market for legal compliance (blockchain & financial market), crowdfunding procedure, general business development, and digital marketing.

12



Results

1) 15 day trading on BTCUSD market on Bitfinex, beating buy and hold market by 15%:

2) 45 day trading on ETHUSD market on Bitfinex with Autonio beat the market by 37.5% with many quick sharp effective trades.

13



3) 30 day trading on LTC USD market on Bitfinex with Autonio application beat the market by 15%

4) 30 day trading on ETC USD market in Bitfinex with Autonio beat the market by 25% even when the general market was crashing during that period

14



DISCLAIMER NOT AN OFFER TO SOLICIT SECURITIES AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH NIO TOKEN (NIO) AND THE AUTONIO PLATFORM: This document is for informational purposes only and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell shares or securities in Autonio or any related or associated company. Any such offer or solicitation will be made only by means of a confidential offering memorandum and in accordance with the terms of all applicable securities and other laws. None of the information or analyses presented are intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. Accordingly this document does not constitute investment advice or counsel or solicitation for investment in any security. This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, any offer for sale or subscription of, or any invitation to offer to buy or subscribe for, any securities, nor should it or any part of it form the basis of, or be relied on in any connection with, any contract or commitment whatsoever. Autonio expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained in this document, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting therefrom.

15



RISK DISCLOSURES

Autonio Token, or "NIO", is a cryptographic token used by the Autonio network. NIO is not a cryptocurrency. At the time of this writing, NIO (i) cannot be exchanged for goods or services, (ii) has no known uses outside the Autonio network, and (iii) cannot be traded on any known exchanges. NIO is not an investment. There is no guarantee-indeed there is no reason to believe-that the NIO you purchase will increase in value. It may and probably will at some pointdecrease in value. Those who do not actually use their NIO honestly and fairly will lose their NIO to those who do. NIO is not evidence of ownership or right to control. Controlling NIO does not grant its controller ownership or equity in Autonio, or the Autonio network. NIO does not grant any right to participate in the control the direction or decision-making of Autonio or the Autonio Network. 1) Risk of Losing Access to NIO Due to Loss of Credentials: The purchaser's NIO may be associated with an Autonio account until they are distributed to the purchaser. The Autonio account can only be accessed with login credentials selected by the purchaser. The loss of these credentials will result in the loss of NIO. Best practices dictate that purchasers safely store credentials in one or more backup locations geographically separated from the working location. 2) Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol NIO and the Autonio network are based upon the Ethereum protocol. As such, any malfunction, unintended function or unexpected functioning of the Ethereum protocol may cause the Autonio network or NIO to malfunction or function in an unexpected or unintended manner. Ether, the native unit of account of the Ethereum Protocol may itself lose value in ways similar to NIO, and also other ways. More information about the Ethereum protocol is available at http://www.ethereum.org 3) Risks Associated with Voting the purchaser may lose NIO by exercising votes maliciously or carelessly. 4) Risks Associated with Purchaser Credentials Any third party that gains access to the purchaser's login credentials or private keys may be able to dispose of the purchaser's NIO. To minimize this risk, the purchaser should guard against unauthorized access to their electronic devices. 5) Risk of Unfavorable Regulatory Action in One or More Jurisdictions Blockchain technologies have been the subject of scrutiny by various regulatory bodies around the world. The functioning of the Autonio network and NIO could be impacted by one or more regulatory inquiries or actions, including but not limited to restrictions on the use or possession of digital tokens like NIO, which could impede or limit the development of the Autonio network. 6) Risk of Alternative, Unofficial Autonio Networks Following the presale and the development of the initial version of the NIO platform, it is possible that alternative networks could be established, which utilize the same open source code and open source protocol underlying the Autonio network. The official Autonio network may compete with these alternative, unofficial NIO-based networks, which could potentially negatively impact the Autonio network and NIO. 7) Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Autonio Network or Distributed Applications It is possible that the Autonio network will not be used by a large number of businesses, individuals, and other organizations and that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed applications. Such a lack of interest could impact the development of the Autonio network and therefore the potential uses or value of NIO. 8) Risk that the Autonio Network, As Developed, Will Not Meet the Expectations of Purchaser

16



the Autonio network is presently under development and may undergo significant changes before release. Any expectations regarding the form and functionality of NIO or the Autonio network held by the purchaser may not be met upon release, for any number of reasons including a change in the design and implementation plans and execution of the Autonio network. 9) Risk of Theft and Hacking Hackers or other groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Autonio network or the availability of NIO in any number of ways, including without limitation denial of service attacks, Sybil attacks, spoofing, smurfing, malware attacks, or consensus-based attacks. 10) Risk of Security Weaknesses in the NIO network Core Infrastructure Software the Autonio network consists of open-source software that is itself based on open-source software. There is a risk that the Autonio team or other third parties may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses or bugs into the core infrastructural elements of the Autonio network interfering with the use of or causing the loss of NIO. 11) Risk of Weaknesses or Exploitable Breakthroughs in the Field of Cryptography Advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computers, could present risks to cryptocurrencies and the Autonio platform, which could result in the theft or loss of NIO. 12) Risk of NIO Mining Attacks As with other decentralized cryptographic tokens and cryptocurrencies, the blockchain used for the Autonio network is susceptible to mining attacks, including but not limited to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, "selfishmining" attacks, and race condition attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Autonio network, expected proper execution and sequencing of Autonio markets, and expected proper execution and sequencing of Ethereum contract computations. Despite the efforts of the Autonio Team, the risk of known or novel mining attacks exists. 13) Risk of Lack of Adoption or Use of the Autonio Network While NIO should not be viewed as an investment; it may have value over time. That value may be limited if the Autonio network lacks use and adoption. If this becomes the case, there may be few or no markets upon the launch of the platform, limiting the value of NIO. 14) Risk of an Illiquid Market for NIO There are currently no exchanges upon which NIO might trade. If ever exchanges do develop, they will likely be relatively new and subject to poorly-understood regulatory oversight. They may therefore be more exposed to fraud and failure than established, regulated exchanges for other products. To the extent that the exchanges representing a substantial portion of the volume in NIO trading are involved in fraud or experience security failures or other operational issues, such exchanges' failures may result in a reduction in the value or liquidity of NIO. 15) Risk of Uninsured Losses Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, funds held using the Autonio or Ethereum network is generally uninsured. In the event of loss or loss of value, there is no public insurer, such as the F.D.I.C., or private insurer, to offer recourse to the purchaser. 16) Risk of Dissolution of the Autonio Project It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including without limitation an unfavorable fluctuation in the value of Bitcoin, unfavorable fluctuation in the value of NIO, the failure of business relationships, or competing intellectual property claims, the Autonio project may no longer be a viable business and may dissolve or fail to launch. 17) Risk of Malfunction in the Autonio Network It is possible that the Autonio network malfunctions in an unfavorable way, including but not limited to one that result in the loss of NIO, or information concerning a market. 18) Unanticipated Risks Cryptocurrency and cryptographic tokens are a new and untested

17



technology. In addition to the risks set forth here, there are risks that the Autonio team cannot anticipate. Risks may further materialize as unanticipated combinations or variations of the risks set forth here.

18



