AiBB WHITEPAPER

Ai ASSISTED CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING APPLICATION



Abstract Message

AiBB (Abe) is an Ai assisted trading analysis platform that incorporates blockchain, smart contracts and an augmented intelligence into a single point app. Abe gives you all the information and tools in one application. Our goal is to offset several repetitive, time intensive tasks with our Ai Crypto Assistant, while overlaying actionable intelligence and keeping an elevated level of security, helping users make a lot of money while trading. AiBB has an exclusive license agreement with SKAEL, Inc.

SKAEL is currently applying their patent pending IP in the B2B world, where they are rapidly automating and providing insights to some of the biggest tech companies across the globe. SKAEL is tasked with the role of developing and integrating their AI technology while utilizing and enhancing the accessibility of blockchain.

The underlying technology powering AiBB performs three critical tasks: 1) listens to what you're asking from it  using a customized NLU algorithm, 2) looks for relevant information across datasheets, ICO whitepapers, social media, reputed news outlets and real-time trading data  NLP, neural networks and pattern matching, and 3) Interprets what you're asking for into structured queries, while learning questions, responses and relationships to drive useable metrics  AI powered through a supervised Machine-Learning algorithm.



Meet AiBB.



AiBB is an Ai cryptoeconomic analysis application that incorporates blockchain, smart contracts and an augmented intelligence into single point application.

This AI Crypto Assistant distributes all necessary information to users in one application.

The AiBB platform is designed to support the growth of the digital currency market by addressing its fragmentation problems. It facilitates trades across all cryptocurrency exchanges, thus preventing the destabilization that can occur when a single exchange is forced to absorb a major transaction.



The goal of AiBB is to offset several repetitive, time intensive tasks with its IP while overlaying actionable intelligence and keeping an elevated level of security and help users maximize their ROI when trading. AiBB has an exclusive license agreement with SKAEL, Inc.

They are currently applying their patent pending IP in the B2B world, where they're rapidly automating and providing insights.

SKAEL is tasked with the role of developing and integrating the AI technology while utilizing and enhancing the accessibility of blockchain.



AiBB's Ai  Powered by SKAEL Inc.



NLP

Based on Nave-Bias and Levenshtein Distance equations, our custom algorithm is tuned to automatically extract, classify and categorize similar repetitive information while cross referencing fundamentals like founder backgrounds to subject matter.

Parse & ingest relevant data Sources:

 Trading platforms  Social Media sites  Whitepapers & Datasheets  Specification Documents



Clean, Store & Think  Interpret and translate natural

language requests to queries  Overlay relevant benchmark data  Provide prescriptive and predictive

insights

AI & supervised ML

Our AI is trained through supervised ML with most responses generated

through machine repetition and understanding of context, category

and request vs. the information available. Soon able to develop it's

own structured responses and recommendations.



NLU

Our NLU algorithm is based on Google's Slot, Intent and Classification

methods (demonstrated by Google Assistant) and Named Entity

Recognition models. This allows us to capture a user's intention with context, classify it properly before processing

the request.

Connect into conversations Sources:

 Messaging platforms  Collaboration systems  IM channels



AiBB Platform

AiBB's application will be developed on IOS, Android, Windows and Mac.

AiBB Modules:  Ai Digital Assistant - Natural language communication to execute

complex tasks  Ai Portfolio Analysis - Insights on your portfolio and potential similar

opportunities  Trading Analysis - Intelligence on your trading patterns over time /

execute orders from app  Wallet - Safely lock, store and access your multiple coins in one place  Ai Security  Fingerprint ID, voice recognition and OTP integration,

your security is our priority  Direct Trading  Trade across platforms with ease, no more switching

back and forth to keep track  Ai Voice  Stop typing and use your voice to get actions done faster  Ai Pay  Pay for day to day items through Android and Apple Pay  DApp Extensibility  Plug into your favorite applications and use Abe

with your preferred platform



Chat | Portfolio | Alerts | Tax



Chat

Humans don't communicate through keywords and symbols! Use natural language and chat with our AI just like you would with regular communication.

Our system is learning and growing through each interaction, we want AiBB to be able to observe each query, especially those that get answered by a human instead of the AI and start self structuring intents and responses for future requests.

Portfolio

Chat will be able to look up users' portfolios and run a variety of commands.

The AI layer will compare each users' portfolio to open orders, recent trades, trading history and volumes of movement on that coin.

AiBB can look up the coin's ledger for transfers between wallet address, market manipulation and flag patterns. This will provide a risk status on the coin.



Alerts

Get alerts on your portfolio and what the market is doing. Some Examples:

 Which ICO launches that day.

 When your coin hit a new exchange.

 If a user's token(s) is getting a better rate and provide them with a notification of the fees involved to move to that exchange.

 When user's token(s) hits a new high or new low.

Tax

Regulation are coming soon to the public. In order for crypto currencies to be globally accepted, we have to be prepared.

AiBB has a built in Tax Module which calculates your liabilities and capital gains on all your transactions.

Its better to be prepared when they come knocking!



Chat-bot Logic



API Integration



Data Lake



Insight Algorithm



API Integration

The API integration enables AiBB to connect to a vast number of webpoints. Some for data grabs and others to perform a defined set of commands. AiBB can connect to users' trading account via its private API keys. This enables AiBB to execute trades within users' current trading accounts directly from the app. Users will be able to set buy & sell orders as well as authorize AiBB to perform automated trades. A log will be recorded and an order ID will be issues for the trade. AiBB, using its AI and ML algorithms, will run an analysis or live trading patterns and give users a risk analysis on your trade. AiBB will review its list of exchanges and provide the best exchange to trade that coin on.



Portfolio Analysis

Accessible via the chat, voice function and manually

Manual Usability Users will be able to manually add coins to their portfolio, its holding, fees charged and which exchange they used. Users can track transfers from one exchange to another. When users connect AiBB to an exchange via an API, it will pull all the data without having to add coin after coin. Information about when the account was funded, how it was funded, the fees charged and all the transactions. Users will have the ability to gain quick insights into their portfolios. Insights such as, daily gains, overall gains, holdings, etc.

Features:  News  Coin History  Trades of the token  Number of buys and sells on all exchanges.  Average durations people hold the coins in their wallets

Chat & Voice  A 2-way communication between AiBB's AI and the user.  Users will be able to type out or say your requests and AiBB will

execute it.  Think of it as a Siri Or Google Assist.



Trading via API

This Feature powers AiBB with the functionality to execute live trades on the exchanges directly on the AiBB app.

Once connected to your exchanges via their API, you will be able to perform various functions, tasks and trades. AiBB will be pre-equipped with all the exchanges. All you need to do is connect your private API key and authorize it to perform tasks.

Users will be able to set buy and sell limits, automate trading according to your risk tolerance.

AiBB's ML and NLU based-platform will compare historical data on trade and provide a risk analysis of your trade and benchmark it against live trades on all the exchanges.

Trades will be recorded (chat history or voice command) and given order ID's to prevent false accusations. Users will be able to manually place orders or use the chat functionality. Once the Voice feature is available, users will be able to perform trades using voice commands.

Orders get automatically recorded in each user's portfolio along with all its details.



Wallet & Security

Our App will hold AiBB tokens as well as other crypto currencies. Upon creating a wallet, you will need to create a backup offline wallet which acts as a vault in case of a breach.

AiBB will incorporate various security measures including fingerprint ID and OTP to ensure users' tokens are safe. Users will be able to transfer your coins from your wallet to any exchange directly from the AiBB's application.

*Users will need to have the deposit and withdrawal option enabled on your exchange's API settings.

Ongoing efforts to keep users' tokens secure is AiBB's number one priority. AiBB aims to restrict any communications to and from our application other than trade orders and fetching data from our BlockChain.

Security threats are quarantined and shared with other AiBB apps via its blockchain to prevent any other attacks. We container and modularize every single aspect of our product with persistent encryption and limited lifetime to mitigate security threats.

AiBB will have multiple layers of security. Password protected, fingerprint ID, OTP code and email authentication. Users will need to have a password protected phone to install and use AiBB.



Extra Security



Picture

This function will take an image of the personal trying to access the app on a failed attempt. Users will be emailed the picture along with its GPS location.

Account Freeze

Users will be alerted when someone tries to log into their online trading accounts and if it was not them, they can choose to freeze transactions and account.

VPN

This standalone feature will wrap AiBB in its own Virtual Private Network.



Retreat

This option automatically moves user's tokens from your stolen phone to their backup wallet that you pre-set. We default 3 wrong passwords attempts before lockout. Password resets are 3 stage including OTP by email, mobile verification and setting a new complex password. Users can also automatically initiate a coin move with a wrong password input.

Private Keys

A private key in the context of AiBB is a secret number that allows bitcoins to be spent. Every AiBB wallet contains one or more private keys, which are saved in the wallet file. The private keys are mathematically related to all AiBB addresses generated for the wallet.



Competitive Advantages

By leveraging patent pending AI technology integration in the AiBB, AiBB will be one of the first AI assisted decentralized trading application platforms functioning as a personal assistant for investors.

This will allow the accredited investor to selectively choose from many exchanges to trade their cryptocurrencies, on one application interface without having to spend a lot of time searching for cryptocurrencies listed on specific exchanges.

The main competitive advantage with AiBB lies in a very clear approach to the development of the platform infrastructure. Although there are a few competitors approaching in this space, many do not have an intelligent all in one solution for cryptocurrency trading.



Token Distribution



Our Journey



40% FUNDS Q1 2018



20% FUNDS Q2 2018



20% FUNDS Q3 2018



20% FUNDS Q4 2018



CORE DEVELOPMENT

WALLET | APP DEV PORTFOLIO ANALYSIS

TRADING ANALYSIS DIGITAL ASSISTANT



PLATFOR M GROWTH

Ai SECURITY ICO REVIEW DECENTRALIED TRADING



IN TEGRATION S

Ai VOICE Ai PAY



E X PA N S I O N

DApps EXTENSIBILITY



Why Participate in AiBB.io ?



Our Ai Technology exists today! AiBB is not a "figure it out" project, our path is clear and solid.

Our development team comes from some of the BIGGEST tech companies in silicon valley and they come with over 64+ years of joint experience.

AiBB is built for cryptocurrency traders to research, buy and sell tokens easier, faster and with minimal effort while maximizing returns.

There's a significant amount of concise information available through natural language requests, and with our priority on a robust feedback loop, we need your input to make sure the insights we provide are relevant to you.



On our quest to make intelligent cryptocurrency trading accessible to all types of investors, we need your experience to make sure that our Digital Assistant is properly interpreting simple and complex requests and modulating responses back appropriately.

Our Ai is powered by a customized supervised Machine-Learning algorithm learns through feedback and repetition, subject matter experts and their use of our system in its infancy is crucial in insuring our system is learning from the best.

AiBB Utility Tokens give you an express pass on this revolution. You get priority voting on our feature sets and integration options, constant updates on our progress, early access to new release versions and advanced support from the beginning.



Our voice controlled assistant will be the first of its kind.

Our objective is to give you the competitive advantage in milliseconds, helping you achieve incredible ROI.

Use of AiBB Tokens:

 Required to use application.  Unlock features.  Vote on features.



TEAM AiBB Our team is made up of entrepreneurs, techies and investors. With over 90+ years of Collective experience in various facets of business, we are the right team to bring Ai to Life.



Kelj D'cruz

CEO & Founder



Darren Franceschini

Blockchain Advisor



Pravesh Vasudeva

Financial Advisor



Eric Godwin

Blockchain Consultant



Viven Kalia

Senior Blockchain Developer



Daim Farook

UX Designer



Ai Dev TEAM  SKAEL Inc.



Baba Nadimpalli

CEO of SKAEL

16+ yrs B2B, 2 startups, technical and sales backgrounds. Developed Oracle into Dimension Data/NTT's largest global client in 4yrs:  from $38M/yr, 1 OEM, 8 countries and 100% product  to $535M/yr, 25 OEMs, 135 countries and 60/40 product/services split

.

Namit Raisurana

VP Products

10+ years, many startups, manages Facebook's Big Data & Insights product management team for all of Facebook's external products. Main applicant on Facebook's patent for prescriptive insights.



Ritesh Nadhani

CTO

18+ yrs over many startups, full-stack SWE expert, NLP and ML knowledge. Founded and built SQLYog into the 2nd largest MySQL management interface in the world. Meraki before Cisco acquisition. Niara before Aruba and HPE acquisition.

Farooq Khalid

VP Customer Interaction

20+ years B2B sales and solution engineering. Has vast and deep B2B IT domain knowledge from multiple perspectives. NLU and messaging integration expertise.



Conclusion Outlook

AiBB is the future of cryptocurrency trading process. By leveraging the integration of AI technology into the development of the trading assistant applications for AiBB, the platform enables users to maximize portfolio growth with unparalleled cryptocurrency management.

AiBB is one of the first AI based decentralized trading application platforms operating as a personal assistant for its userbase.

AiBB has created a very attainable development goal by combining well recognized and trustworthy actionable intelligence protocols, decentralized applications, and AI to build an acquiescent system.

AiBB's integration of a decentralized application network containing security and identification protocols, portal wallet, trade fulfillment service, and chat solidify AiBB's robustness and end-toend coverage of the cryptocurrency trading process.

All off these different functionalities congregate to provide AiBB with a long-term and organic growth platform that ensures AiBB users have control of their cryptocurrency investments.



THANK YOU

AI ASSISTED CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADING APPLICATION



