This document provides information about participation in developing of a blockchain technology in casinos and shall not be used or misinterpreted as any public advertising or offer to participate in any gambling activities and/or casino games.



First BLOCKCHAIN platform for REAL-WORLD casinos



FNC Holdings Ltd. develops the technology behind the world's first gaming equipment based on a blockchain token  FortuneToken (FRNT). The new technology is set to transform the face of the lucrative casino industry to the one of openness, fairness and trust. Most importantly, it's you who will reap the rewards of the new business model by becoming the tenant of both real-world gaming slots and one of the largest casino targeting affluent northern China.



FIRST REAL-WORLD BLOCKCHAIN CASINO



MARKET INFLUENCE

The casino industry is the most profitable yet closed industry in the world, with over $ 200 bln in annual revenues, that's still not affected by blockchain and cryptocurrency, unlike online gambling. The FRNT project aims to bring investors access to the revenues of the casino industry and draw new gamblers into the game by adopting the advantages of blockchain and cryptocurrency in real world casino.



You may play for the Casino: A token-holder chooses a slot machine from those available on the casino floor and deposits his token ( T ) into it. The token entitles the owner to a share of the revenue stream ( %$) from the chosen machine. The holder may decide to switch his choice as part of a gaming strategy which is based on fully transparent data coming from smart contracts. You may play for yourself: Gamblers play with any cryptocurrency converted to FRNT and have a significant cash-back in the range up to 30% thus boosting the token liquidity.

TRIPLE WIN BUSINESS MODEL SET TO BECOME INDUSTRY STANDART

 FRNT holders gain access to the world's most sought-

after industry with a slot machine payback period reaching a few weeks after the casino is fully operational.

 Having adopted the blockchain and cryptocurrencies, a

casino gets financial benefits, increases manageability and gamblers' trust. Moreover, it will bring new generations of players who have high risk-tolerance and are eager to exploit the new way to spend cryptomoney in real world settings.

 Gamblers enjoy playing with fair random numbers

algorithm and cash-back in the range up to 30%.



ULTIMATE GAMING EXPERIENCE

 For token holders who are truly passionate about gambling, the FRNT grants VIP status in real-world casino focused on the Northern China market.

 Depending on the holding size, FRNT provides charge-free luxury benefits such as limo airport transfer, 5-star accommodations, and a unique cashback offering  exactly the kind of service the co-owner of a casino would expect

TOKEN SALE PROCESS

Campaign target at fortunetoken.io: Softcap - $10 million, Hardcap  to be announced.

Pre-sale will be announced shortly and will grant participants with generous incentive bonuses and VIP statuses

FRNT is an ERC20 token ensuring tenancy of the slot machines.

Gaming equipment or slot machines are IoT devices that use smart contracts and Oracle functionality of Ethereum network, guaranteeing transparency, auditability, and fair gaming environment



