Bondkick Syndicate



The new era of securitisation, powered by tokenised syndicated loans



www.bondkick.com/ICO



www.bondkick.com/ICO



1

Ver. 1.2



Abstract

Bondkick is the established European business debt broker, aiming to revolutionise securitisation of the traditional assets (loans and debentures, private and commercial real estate or equity shares) via digital transformation on the blockchain. During the iterated ICO, Bondkick will allow investors to participate in the syndicate and benefit from the growing value of its tokenised shares (Bondkick Bonds, Ethereum ERC20 standard tokens issued by Bondkick Syndicate, short-code: XBK).

Unlike most of the ICO's raising funds for self-financing, Bondkick Syndicate is an investment fund run by the established business, aiming to use its' funds entirely for investing into assets.

Mission statement

We're happy to introduce tokenised syndicated loans, empowering the decentralized and completely digital securitisation  the new form of hedged investing into assets, covered by smart contracts, liquid and tradable from the day one of the issue.

Vision

Our vision is to revolutionise the model of joint investing, applying the diversified and decentralised approach powered by artificial intelligence and the blockchain technology.

Problem

In most cases, a small business fails to represent itself to an investor: weak presentations, unclear promotional materials and obscure financial reporting  all of these make investors suspect the matter of a business. There is no clear form of application recognised by investors, helping them to make a choice easier and, therefore, faster.

Tied up to only one region or a country is so old. Countries join into unions, so should the money. The access to money is usually limited, even though a business could afford it.

The "Know Your Customer" has evolved. Meet the eResidency (https://e-resident.gov.ee/) and make things clear  there should be less hassle around the money.

Retail investors, seeking for high-yields or stable returns with rather aggressive or more conservative tolerance profiles fail to analyse the enormous volume of data and, therefore, make the right decision.

Securitisation of debts and assets is limited to the region, legislation and, therefore, illiquid, complicated and non-transparent.

There have been many individual lending and banking solutions, but no one has focused on the SME sector (99% of all enterprises) with tokenised securitisation approach.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



2



Executive Summary

Bondkick arranges syndicated loans underwriting and opens access to the professional debt market to retail investors. Bondkick offers the total set of financial instruments applicable to the debt market and provides the real estate investment solutions. We're raising money to fund a business lending syndicate, operating in Europe and abroad.



Management

Bondkick is managed by its founder Valentin Ivanov and supervised by a list of successful entrepreneurs and professionals with international background. Valentin has been in business over 17 years: in information technology since 90s, in financials since born. Prior to Bondkick, Valentin has been working in the high-yield OTC market, helping to issue and invest into bonds. The supervisory board consists of 8 people.

Product/Services

One access point to full-featured alternative financing for everyone. High-yield returns for weighted risks. Bondkick brings a single platform for every business seeking for funding and everyone else to earn from the great returns, internationally. No limits, no stress, no expensive over-spending. Pay for result only.

Target Market

Bondkick defines four global markets: Europe, the Commonwealth, US and Asia. Headquartered in Estonia, we're virtually located everywhere in the world. Localising the service, including the legal environment, we want to become the single access point to the alternative finance market over the whole world.

Business Model

Bondkick offers an online market place to borrow, lend, exchange and exit. We charge a success-fee, depending on the transaction; normally from 5% for funding, 1% for exchange and up to 6% total for real estate deals.

Bondkick offers an online tool to borrow funds for business. Our proper KYC and global access to the business background information, our proprietary analysing tools help to filter low risk and high-yield debts. We're lending using the funds from our syndicate, making investors the ROI up to 15% p.a. or even more. Bondkick earns from operating the syndicate and providing other supportive services to borrowers and lenders.

Customers

Bondkick thinks globally and acts across the borders. We develop links across Europe to enable private and corporate investors to participate in the international funding rounds through investing into Bondkick Syndicate or by lending directly. Today, we are able to arrange underwriting in various currencies, including cryptocurrencies, in accordance with local regulations of every EU country, further - everywhere.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



3



Sales/Marketing Strategy

Bondkick has been developed with multi-nations, -languages and -legislation in mind. Currently operating from Estonia, we market through a combination of PR (10%), regional boosters (15%) and social/search based advertising. Currently serving borrowers from Europe, we're going to expand to U.S. and Asian markets. The marketing is operated from Estonia; local sales is organised through the agents' network via revenue-sharing.

Competitors

Bondkick operates internationally, offering the same broad list of services to investors and borrowers and covering real estate in every country. Our competitors are local singletarget environment operators (only real estate, or only invoices trading, or only business lending, etc.), usually quite expensive for investors (free or much less expensive in Bondkick). There is no cross-border vendor-unlocked debt exchange available.

Competitive Advantage

Bondkick is the only cross-border access point to the alternative finance market, connecting multi-nations and multi-legislations with tools for every business lending need, including business loans, invoices trading, real estate buy2let and leasing, etc. And, only Bondkick offers debt trading via its exchange, connecting its own issues with any third-party obligations (ISIN bonds, loans, invoices, real-estate, etc.).

Bondkick Bond Details

The Bondkick Bonds hard cap is 24,999 tokens. All the Bonds will be available for purchase during the continuous ICO, starting on the 6th of November, 2017. Reservation of the Bondkick Bond tokens in the Pre-ICO stage at a discounted price.

The first 1,000 Bondkick Bond tokens are reserved by Bondkick for 90,000.00 euro and will be used for marketing purposes.

Bondkick Bond tokens will run on the Ethereum blockchain according to the ERC20 standard. For the ease of use, the initial allocation of the Bondkick Bond tokens will be made internally and accessible through the Bondkick portal. Every investor is able to move the bonds to any other Ethereum account outside of Bondkick or check the balance of its own account via an external balance checking tool at any time after allocation.

The Bondkick Bond tokens will be tradable right after the issue. The first exchange to operate Bondkick Bond tokens toward most of the cryptocurrencies and most popular fiat currencies will be located on the Bondkick platform in the beginning of the 2018. Following the growth of the interest to the Bondkick Bond tokens, we're going to cooperate with other third-party exchanges and open the trading facilities to the other operators.

The value of the Bondkick Bond is tied to the Euro currency. The length of the fraction of the Bondkick Bond token is hundred thousand.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



4



Bondkick Syndicate Investment Strategy

Investment objectives The objectives of the Bondkick Syndicate are to: 1. create and maintain a mix-investment portfolio, based on short-term and long-term

investments in equity, fixed income, real estate and other derivatives; 2. keeping the annual net growth of the Bondkick Bond value up to 15%; 3. making the Bondkick Bond liquid at any time. The Investment objective of the Bondkick Syndicate and predefined investment choices are programmed into Artificial Intelligence module, leading the work of the Bondkick Syndicate.

Investment Choice The Bondkick Syndicate investment strategy may include, but not limited to all or one of the following: 1. Lending to enterprises with and without collaterals and/or management guarantees

both long- and short-term; 2. Direct residential, industrial and commercial property investment for buy to let or

flipping plans; 3. Fixed income financial products investment (including both secured and unsecured

high-yield commercial and sovereign bonds); 4. Buying third-party debts or real property investments; 5. Buying new and/or leading cryptocurrencies and/or CFD-s as riskier to maintain more

aggressive investment portfolio parts; 6. Any other investment that the Bondkick Syndicate may feel prudent to achieve the

investment objective. In formulating this strategy Bondkick Syndicate considers relevant features of the various investments in accordance with both the Syndicate objectives and appropriate legislation. In drafting this investment strategy, Bondkick Syndicate has taken into account all of the circumstances of the Syndicate, including:  the risks and likely return associated with each investment;  the range and diversity of investments held by the Bondkick Syndicate;  any risks coming from limited diversification;  the liquidity of the Bondkick Syndicate investments; and  the ability of the Bondkick Syndicate to meet its existing and prospective liabilities

such as buying out some of the Bondkick Bonds held by its investors.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



5



Policies

The policies adopted by the Bondkick Syndicate in order to achieve these objectives are:

1. Regular monitoring of the performance of the Bondkick Syndicate investments, the overall investment mix and the expected cash flow requirements of the Bondkick Syndicate;

2. Re-balancing the Bondkick Syndicate investment portfolio due to changes in market conditions through asset sales and new investments as appropriate.

Bondick Syndicate will aim to follow the investment strategy, however, it will at all times reserve the right to change the investment mix depending on the market situation and opportunities available to better meet the objectives of the syndicate.

Risk profile and risk tolerance

The Bondkick Syndicate is a long-time horizon oriented, while allowing both short and medium goals. It maintains rather conservative profile, allocating up to 25% of its portfolio to debt instruments and real estate; however, 25% of the portfolio is placed to faster increase the future income and raise the value of the Bondkick Bond. Lead by the Artificial Intelligence in the robo-invest environment, Bondkick Syndicate risk tolerance is in conform with market changes.

Asset allocation

The targeted asset allocation will recognise the need to have a diversified asset mix, however, given the long-term investment horizon of the members, the allocation will have a strong growth asset bias and be focused on maximising capital growth.

The Bondkick Syndicate recognise the higher risk in investing predominantly in growth assets and the volatility associated with shares and property. The volatility will be compensated by the prospect of achieving higher returns and growth in the longer term. In order to minimise this risk Bondkick Syndicate will consider investing in different industries and sectors where possible.

The final targeted asset allocation will be in the following ranges:



Growth Assets

High-yield unsecured lending with APR over 12% p.a.

Unsecured high-yield bonds from recognised European enterprises

MBO financing with 100% equity as collateral



Long term range



Medium term range



Short term range



15%



10%



7%



4%



5%



8%



1%



5%



3%



www.bondkick.com/ICO



6



Growth Assets



Long term range



Medium term range



Short term range



Well-recognised volatile cryptocurrencies and/or



3%



4%



6%



their CFD-s



Third-party debts at up to 1/3 value



2%



1%



1%



Defensive Assets



Long term range



Medium term range



Short term range



Secured lending with LTV<60%



40%



45%



61%



Real estate for buy to let or flipping with a 1-2 year 20%



25%



10%



forecast for 5-9% capital growth



New cryptocurrencies (IPO)



5%



3%



1%



Secured commercial bonds and unsecured



10%



2%



3%



sovereign bonds



Long term range stands for investment up to 10 years, medium range for up to 5 years and short term for investments up to 1 calendar year.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



7



Meet the team

Valentin Ivanov FOUNDER & CEO

Over 17 years in business. In information technology since 90s, in financials since born. Building start-ups from 2003, raised and operated funds over 5m. Valentin has been a business consultant and advisor to various private companies and investors in the UK, Switzerland and the Nordic countries. As a founder of Bondkick, Valentin has been focussed on the development of this company since 2014. As the company's CEO, he is responsible for achieving the firm's strategic targets.

Vladimir Umov LEGAL & COMPLIANCE MANAGER

Over 30 years in law with main focus on business. Broad practice in courts of Estonia, Finland and Russia. Deep understanding of MiFID compliance. Vladimir is responsible for all legal and compliance operations of Bondkick.

Jako Laanemgi DEPUTY CHAIRMAN OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Jako has worked as a lawyer in Alvin, Rdl & Partner Advokaadibroo law firm, Glikman, Alvin & Partnerid Advokaadibroo law firm, and since 2014, he has worked as a sworn advocate in Reinmaa & Partnerid Advokaadibroo law firm, where he is responsible for the corporate and transaction-related advice. In addition, in 2009, he was the legal adviser for the Estonian Association of Small and Medium Enterprises; since 2013, he is the Vice President of the Association. Jako`s strengths are in the fields of business and corporate law, real estate and property law, contract law, mergers and acquisitions (M&A), as well as finance, insurance and banking.



Indrek Pajumaa MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Indrek works in the field of business management. For over 15 years, he has worked as a business consultant in international consulting firm Mercuri Urval, Chief Financial Officer of Norma Group and Head of Factoring Department of Tallinn Bank. Indrek`s main areas of expertise are the creation of teams and consulting in the fields of organisational restructuring and human resource management.

Fergus Elder MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Fergus has worked in the investment banking field for over thirty years. He joined JP Morgan in 1984 and worked in several positions. In JP Morgan, his career culminated in the position of Head of Loan Capital Markets for EMEA and the Far East. In 2006, he joined UBS as Head of Loan and High Yield Capital Markets. During his time spent at JP Morgan and UBS, Fergus was also a member of the European Fixed Income Committee. In 2011, he joined the European Management Team of ANZ, where his specific responsibility involved the loan and bond capital markets. Fergus has also represented many trade associations, including being a member of the management board of the GB Loan Market Association.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



8



Christopher Pelly MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Christopher has extensive knowledge and experience in general management, financial management, equity and debt financing, professional services and corporate governance of both public and private companies. For much of his professional career, Christopher has worked for companies involved with technology. This involves start-ups as well as big multinational corporations. He has held a number of senior management positions in Memorex Telex and was Vice President, Operations and Business Finance for EMEA for Digital Equipment Corporation until its acquisition by Compaq. Since 2000, Chris has also served as a member of the supervisory board of Memscap SA. Christopher has lived and worked in the UK, continental Europe, and Asia.

Roman Vandtke MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Roman has been working for over 20 years as a consultant in the field of logistics. As an expert in the field of development of logistics processes, he has helped many small and medium-sized enterprises to restructure their purchase logistics and on the assurance of their compliance with the ISO 9001:2008 international quality system, as a result of which the quality of goods and services was significantly improved.

Indrek Rahumaa MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Indrek has extensive managerial and financial experience. During the period from 1994 to 2000, Indrek was a member of the management board of NASDAQ OMX Tallinn, CFO of Estonian Air and chairman of the management board of Baltic Cresco Investment Group. Since 2000, Indrek has been a member of the management board of Alta Capital, Teede Rev-2, and Klementi, chairman of the supervisory board of



Zaklady Przemyslu Cukierniczego Mieszko and PTA Grupp, and head of Lauma Fabrics.

Sergei Tsistjakov MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Since 1997, Sergei has worked as an auditor for KPMG, since 2002, as a member of the management board of the Auditors Professional Qualifications Committee, and since 2005, as a member of the management board of the Board of Auditors. He is an active lecturer at EBS and the Estonian Academy of Security Sciences in the area of in-service training. Today, Sergei is a partner and auditor in the Audit Assertum audit firm.

Kurt Pakendorf MEMBER OF THE SUPERVISORY BOARD

Kurt Pakendorf has 24 years of international experience in business and commercial law, as well as in a wide variety of business and legal fields. He manages the corporate and commercial law sectors at Summit Law Office LLP in London. He is also the founder of Amicus Law Limited, which offers legal and international business counselling services, and the cofounder and head of the SABLE accelerator in Silicon Valley. Kurt has previously been CEO of MobileWave Group plc, and Vice President and adviser in Havok, an Intel Capital group company.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



9



Company background



Bondkick Ltd



Company number: 09693664 Registered office address: 128 Aldersgate Street, Unit 332, London, EC1A 4AE, UK



CEO, Valentin Ivanov Phone: +44 20 33 223 741



Supervisory board:



Indrek Rahumaa Kurt Pakendorf Fergus Elder Christopher Pelly



Note: Bondkick Ltd is the sole owner of the Estonian public firm Bondkick AS.



Bondkick AS



Company number: 12748650 Registered office address: Osmussaare tn 8, Tallinn, Harju, 13811, Estonia



CEO, Valentin Ivanov Phone: +372 6 400 400



Supervisory board:



Jako Laanemgi Roman Vandtke Sergei Tsistjakov Indrek Pajumaa



Note: Bondkick AS is the manager and the operator of the Bondkick Syndicate and the portal www.bondkick.com.



Bondkick Syndicate

Company number: To be applied Registered office address: Osmussaare tn 8, Tallinn, Harju, 13811, Estonia

Syndicate Manager, Valentin Ivanov Phone: +372 6 400 400

Note: Bondkick Syndicate is a fund, operated under the management of Bondkick AS. The registration of the fund and applying for respective fund management permissions will take place in November, 2017 by the end of the first iteration of the ICO.



www.bondkick.com/ICO



10



