Contact information: https://callback.plus Prepared by: Callback+ Team November 15, 2017



CONTENTS



EXPLANATORY



NOTE



3



CALLBACK+ AND TECHNOLOGIES



8



TOKENS



13



ROADMAP



17



REVENUES AND AGE OF INVESTMENTS



21



THE TEAM



25



TERMS



29



AND CONDITIONS



EXPLANATORY NOTE

3



EXPLANATORY NOTE



FEATURES CALLBACK+

The rapid increase in connectivity possibilities through technologies such as the Internet, social networks and smartphones has led to a step-by-step change in our communication capabilities. At the same time, current audio and video communication software, as well as instant messaging software, is unsafe, subject to tracking and exploitation by government, corporations and third parties and, in addition, is less effective than one might expect.

On May 22, 2015 at a meeting of the UN Human Rights Council was presented a report on the problem of anonymity of users on the network. The main conclusion of the document was: "the possibility of anonymous use of the Internet and the use of encryption of personal data and communication tools are necessary and should be regarded as part of human rights."



Confidentiality Privacy Anonymity



-- is the prevention the leakage (disclosure) of any information.

-- access to information only for a specific person.

-- protection of personal information and data about the location and behavior of the user.



CALLBACK+

Decentralized telecommunication service with encryption, routing of communication channels, telephone anonymizer function and functional for business and individuals, connecting the most promising technologies and markets in the telecommunications sector.

We are positive that this gives us the opportunity to become leaders in the industry, with a variety of solutions that are suitable for both private use and office business platforms.

We have already finished the working version of the basic software, which is actively tested and goes into operational mode.

The first indicators demonstrate a high degree of customer loyalty.



WHAT ARE WE DOING

We are calback.plus, and we will help you save money when talking on the phone with relatives or business partners around the world. We will tell you how to provide multi-level privacy, not be tied to a telephone and use mobile communication, and we will also give you a convenient tool for managing your finances.

4



MARKET VOLUME

Avalanche-like growth of mobile applications and the spread of mobile communications are driving the growth of technology. Cisco predicts a seven-fold increase in mobile data transmission for the period 2016-2021.

in 2021, more inhabitants of our planet will use mobile phones (5.5 billion) than bank accounts (5.4 billion), and wire communication (2.9 billion).

the share of mobile data traffic will account for 20% of all IP traffic (in 2016 this figure was only 8%).

The total revenue of the mobile communications industry for 2017 is 2.6 trillion dollars, which is equivalent to 2.2% of world GDP.

The mobile communications market of Eastern Europe in 2016 amounted to 280.6 billion dollars. It is expected that by 2018 the number of mobile subscribers will exceed the mark of 4 billion people.

FORECASTS OF MOBILE DATA TRAFFIC GROWTH BY REGIONS (2016 - 2021)



Exabyte / year



88,4



274,2



34,8



50,3



76,8



7,3

2016 2021 12

The Middle East and Africa



37,3

2016 2021 7

The Asia-Pacific region



5,4

2016 2021 6 Latin

America



8,8

2016 2021 6

Central and Eastern

Europe



16,9

2016 2021 5

Western Europe



5



RESULTS

We are very fast developing and progressing in our developments: in November 2016 our team began work on the callback.plus project, as early as April 2017 we launched a beta version of the web platform and bot in the Telegram messenger. July launch of the SMS service and access through the PIN-code. In September, launched a test product on the iOS platform.

Now the opening product Callback+ is developed and put into operation!

The first indicators demonstrate a high degree of customer loyalty and interest.

Interest in the product is shown not only by private subscribers, but also by legal organizations. Currently, work is underway to connect a partner with a prepaid subscriber base in the amount of more than 100,000 users.

OUR UNDERSTANDING OF THE PRODUCT

Our vision of Callback.plus is to implement an open, reliable and, above all, a secure means of communication that can be used regardless of the user's location. The company's main product is a flexible and extensive decentralized telecommunications service that can be used by a large number of users and can also interact with external telecommunications networks.

Clients of our service are individuals and businesses of any size, from a minienterprise to a large corporation with thousands of employees. Our software and blockchain infrastructure allows us to meet any needs, despite the scale, thanks to the economy in microtransactions and decentralized operations.

Our offer: Low cost of calls, no need for an Internet connection, encryption, routing of communication channels, the function of a telephone anonymizer and functionals for businesses and individuals.

Our capabilities:

Change the number of outgoing and incoming calls in any format Add a background sound Change voices Work as a virtual switch Schedule a call at a certain date and time Determine by phone number "who called" (Call identification function. Service displays on the screen all publicly available on the Internet information about the owner of the number) To rent out direct numbers in different countries of the world.

6



We created an investor's wallet. In the callback.plus you can make purchases in different crypto-currencies, with online exchange through tokens callback.plus or fiat money. Make internal transfers of funds between subscribers' accounts. Cross-platform solution: All our functionality is now available through: web browser, call, sms, iOS and Android applications, telegram bot messenger, (Viber is in development). .

7



CALLBACK+ AND TECHNOLOGIES

8



CALLBACK+ AND TECHNOLOGIES



WHAT IS CALLBACK+?



1



A decentralized, cross-platform virtual service for call management, which allows you to reduce the cost of a call from one point of the world to another by 95%*. (Example: The cost



of one minute of an outgoing call in the direction Russia-USA will be: 1. Direct call through the



operator of communication will be from 0,6183$ per minute. 2. With the use of the CallBack+



it will be from 0.0305$ per minute, respectively. ECONOMY will be 95% !)



2



Advanced features provide additional convenience for conversation, telephone anonymizer, encryption, communication channel routing, virtual switch, and other options for business



and individuals.



3



The investors wallet provides management of own financial means (control over finances, replenishment of account, exchange, transfer of funds).



CROSS-PLATFORM

All the functionality is available through: web browser, call, sms, iOS and Android applications, bot in the Telegram messenger, (Viber in development).



Any phone



iOS



Android



Telegram



SMS



Browser



9



IMPLEMENTED FUNCTIONS:

CROSS-PLATFORM SOLUTION: Web version (for stationary and mobile devices) Through the call Through the SMS commands IOS mobile app Android mobile app (the app is in beta testing) Messengers - the implementation of basic settings and monitoring using the bot algorithms @Callback_plus_bot

Example: to initiate a call via Telegram, it is enough to send a number or contact from the address book to the chat, for the settings there is an interactive keyboard for the commands.

The users have access to their VTA control through any device -- mobile terminal, desktop, tablet, button phone, etc. )

REPLACEMENT/MASKING OF TELEPHONE NUMBERS: Change the outgoing number (main id) to any phone format, city and mobile numbers.

   - The phone numbers for outgoing calls will be "hidden" for the the receiving device. Example: Negotiation and other communication without determining your main id.

Change the incoming number (main id) to any phone format, city and mobile numbers.

RECEIVING CALLS / (INCOMING CALLS): Routing an incoming call by software means (forwarding) to another SIM.

Protection against wiretapping. Example: The user can configure the routing of incoming calls to any number or to many numbers based on who is calling and when.

ID / (direct number) rent - telephone ID / direct numbers in 50 countries are available for renting for the subscriber. To activate it, you should: select a direct number from the available ones, set on your phone the forwarding service for the selected ID, all incoming calls will be forwarded to the leased number and run the script of your settings. Example: being in roaming, the subscriber leases an ID from his/her region of residence or other to his choice.

10



PRIVACY: Random selection of base stations - communication channel and base station for each connection is selected in random order.

Random incoming ID - dynamic selection of incoming ID. (all incoming numbers are changed in a random order)

Random outgoing ID - the ID of the outgoing call is transmitted in a random order from the country of registration of the main ID.

Only numbers in international format - all international IDs are sent arbitrarily from around the world to the subscriber-sendee in random order

Background sound is your opportunity to enhance the perception of communication, to remove or change factors leading to unnecessary questions. Add anonymity to your communication. When an incoming or outgoing call starts, the preset sound is activated. This background sound is well audible to the subscriber (metro, airport, stadium, traffic jam, crowds, etc.). The number of sounds is constantly added.

PIN Access

Voice changing - change of the tonality of the voice in real time. Allows you to change any voice beyond recognition.

Encryption of calls - the beta version already provides encrypted traffic based on the SRTP encryption protocol. When the connection is established, the trunks pass through a VPN with an encryption key of 2048bit, to prevent wiretapping and unauthorized access.

Absence of geo-location.

ANONYMITY: Internal transfers of funds between accounts of subscribers - Replenishment of balance and transfer of funds from one ID to another.

Payment for services occurs through crypto-currency payments, which ensures the anonymity of financial transactions. The use of crypto currency allows for the first time real anonymous access to the service.

11



VIRTUAL TELECOMMUNICATION SERVICE (VTS): The switch is a service for connecting two third-party subscribers with each other, with the possibility of changing the outgoing number (the ID being sent) for the Subscriber 1 the initiator of the call. Example: Your phone battery has run down. You need to talk with a friend, but a friend will res`pond only if it is your phone number. In the Subscriber 1 field, you specify any available phone number. In the "change ID" field, enter your phone number. In the Subscriber 2 field, specify the phone number of your friend. Press the button - connect. Gain!!! Without using your mobile phone, you can talk to anyone, regardless of the condition of your personal phone or SIM.

Call sheduler. Organization of a call at a certain date and time, choosing whom and with whom to connect. Create a scheduled "False" call to callback.plus user. (choosing numbers of who, to whom, from what number).

Who called defines the caller by the phone number (social network, search for other contacts)

INVESTOR'S ACCOUNT

In the investor's wallet you can manage your own funds, replenish the balance, place the deposit, exchange and transfer funds, as well as one of the ways-buy tokens to activate the enhanced functionality.

In the Callback+ you can make purchases using different crypto-currencies, with online exchange through callback+ tokens or fiat money and make internal transfers of funds between subscribers' accounts.

In order to work with the wallet of the CallBack+ investor, you need to provide additional information and undergo KYC/AML procedures.

When registering, the investor fills in the necessary fields to create an account.

Investor's account includes: -- Language switch: English, Deutsch, Espanol, France, Russia, China, Japan, Hindi, Korean -- Go to the SUBSCRIBER account -- Settings: Change Personal Information, Change Password, Verify Customer -- FAQ is a section of frequently asked questions, with answers how to use the "investor's wallet" -- Information about the current token exchange rate to: USD, ETH, BTC -- Balances: in CBP tokens -- Transaction history

CBP -- is a token issued by the ERC20 protocol on the Ethereum blockchain. CBP tokens holders can freely store and manage them using Ethereum clients, including the official Ethereum Wallet.

12



TOKENS

13



TOKENS

 

CBP tokens are available for purchase by citizens of any country. Even US and Chinese residents (qualified investors) can participate.

Before the sale of tokens, all responsibility for the funds collected for pre-sale is taken by LLC DISAMED LIMITED, #12291729K, reg #HE, 291729, Nicosia, Cyprus.

THE PECULIARITY OF CALLBACK+ TOKENS: The possibility of internal transfers of tokens between accounts of subscribers (replenishment of balance and transfer of funds from one ID to another) is immediately available.

The availability of tokens from 30 units opens access to the extended functionality of the service: -- Access to the extended service functionality is available only for tokens. -- The number of accounts with extended functionality is limited by the terms of the smart contract. Tokens can be immediately exchanged for services (Token can now be used as a method of payment for the service, which allows our ICO to remain legal in the US).

CONDITIONS FOR GENERATING TOKENS

Token name - CBPlus Abbreviation/Ticker, Symbol - CBP Maximum emission: 10 000 000 CBP Basic rate: 100 CBP = 1 ETH Platform: Ethereum (ERC20) Number of rounds: Pre-sale and ICO In total there will be placed on the exchange 8 000 000 CBP Token type - Bonus

CallBack+ directs 25% of profit for the purchase of tokens, with their subsequent "burning".

REPORTING

CallBack+ Team will publish weekly reports on the use of funds on the site https://ico.callback.plus

14



PLACEMENT OF ROUNDS IN DETAIL



PRE-SALE



  

Start Finish Emission Minimum investment (ETH transfer) Accepting Limitation of payout for the period 



December 3, 2017 at 9:00 am EST January 3, 2017 till 16:00 am EST < 500 000 CBP 0.01 ETH ETH, Fiat money with online exchange through CBP tokens 3 months (90 days counted from the moment of crediting to the account) 500 000 USD



Progressive bonus scale / Crowd-sales (bonuses/discounts)



50%

First 48 hours



45%

3 -- 5 day



40%

6 -- 10 day



35%

11 -- 18 day



30%

19 -- 30 day



The peculiarity of tokens:

Token rate: 100 CBP = 1 ETH

30 CBP units opens access to the extended functionality of the service

Limited number of accounts with the extended functionality

CBP tokens are secured by the services. Tokens can be used immediately as a payment method for the services (which allows our ICO to remain legal in the US).

The cost of the CBP token in terms of services is more profitable than any other purchase of the service.

We will add 50% of bonus to your account! Regardless of the amount, we will deposit the equivalent in CBP tokens (Only during the pre-sale!). For example: For each deposited 1 ETH, we will add 0.5 ETH1 to your account. In total you will have 1.5 ETH2. There will be 1 ETH + 50 CBP = 1.5 ETH3 on your account

The possibility of internal transfers of tokens between accounts of subscribers (replenishment of balance and transfer of funds from one ID to another).



1 In case of purchase in the first 48 hours 2 In equivalent of tokens at the rate of 1ETH=100CBP 3 After 90 days it is possible to exchange CBP for ETH and

15



Fundraising and release of tokens is necessary to maintain the pace of product development, develop our own callback.plus blockchain, on the basis of which a decentralized system is built.



ICO

Conditions for generating tokens

Start Finish Emission Minimum investment (ETH transfer) Accepting Token rate Protection



March 1, 2018 at 9:00 am EST March 31, 2018 till 16:00 am EST 8 000 000 CBP 0.03 ETH BTC, LTC, Waves, DASH, ETH, Fiat exchange through CBP tokens 100 CBP = 1 ETH

ICO funds are held by Escrow Multi-signature wallet CBP tokens of the founders are not transferred until the completion of the ICO and are blocked for 5 months by a smart contract



The peculiarity of tokens

60 units opens access to the extended functionality of the service

Limited number of accounts with the extended functionality.

CBP tokens are secured by the services. Tokens can be used immediately as a payment method for the services (which allows our ICO to remain legal in the US).

The possibility of internal transfers of tokens between accounts of subscribers (replenishment of balance and transfer of funds from one ID to another).

The cost of the CBP token in terms of services is more profitable than any other purchase of the service.



CallBack+ directs 25% of profit for the purchase of tokens, with their subsequent "burning".



16



ROADMAP

17



ROADMAP

The opening product Callback+ is developed and put into operation! The first indicators demonstrate a high degree of customer loyalty and

SUPPORT AND DEVELOPMENT OF THE SERVICE

Continuous scaling of the platform, according to the new connected regions. Integration of new countries in the base of scale of rates.

Platform maintenance (load testing).

Development of additional functionality. Including the connection of profile partners in the relevant region.

The strategic goal of CallBack+ is to gain over 5% of the global service market in 5 years with revenue generation in 2022. - 8,4 billion USD (dividend policy is disclosed in the section "profitability of tokens").



We are developing and progressing very quickly in our developments:



November, 2016 . Our team began work on the callback.plus project, as early as



April, 2017 . June, 2017 .



We launched the beta version of the web platform and the bot in the Telegram messenger

launch of the SMS service and access through the PIN-code.



Jule, 2017 .



it was launched the first beta version of the product on the iOS platform. Web version (for stationary and mobile devices) Change the outgoing number Change the incoming number The background sound The switch is a service for connecting two subscribers with each other, with the possibility of changing the outgoing number (the ID being sent).



18



August, 2017 .



ID / (direct number) rent - telephone ID / direct numbers are available for renting in 50 countries.

Random selection of base station - communication channel and base station for each connection is selected in random order.

Random incoming ID - dynamic selection of incoming ID. (all incoming numbers are changed in a random order)

Random outgoing ID - the ID of the outgoing call is transmitted in a random order from the country of registration of the main ID.



September, 2017 .



Encryption of calls - the beta version already provides encrypted traffic based on the SRTP encryption protocol. When the connection is established, the trunks pass through a VPN with an encryption key of 2048bit, to prevent unauthorized access.

Absence of geo-location. Routing of an incoming call



November, 2017 .



Internal transfers of funds between accounts of subscribers - Replenishment of balance and transfer of funds from one ID to another.

Crypto-currency wallet - Payment occurs through crypto-currency payments, which ensures the anonymity of financial transactions. The use of crypto currency allows for the first time real anonymous access to the service.

Voice change - Allows you to change any voice beyond recognition.



Until the end of the year

Q1, 2018



Who called - definition of the caller by the phone number (social network, search for other contacts) IOS mobile app (Under consideration by apple.com) Android mobile application is getting ready for release Messengers -VIBER

Virtual Telecommunication Service (VTS): The development of a decentralized system of call management An increase in the number of SMS gateways - the organization of a callback without the Internet. Increase of the pool of direct numbers to 100 countries



19



Q2, 2018 Q3, 2018



Decentralized virtual mobile operator (Purpose)

Free number and unlimited use of communication within the network. Each subscriber will receive a free internal number for the network. (Online communication with each other or in a group for free).

Monitoring calls - creating a unique number for each advertising resource.

Statistics can be downloaded and progress can be tracked in the user's account. IVR (Interactive Voice Response) - the preparation of pre-recorded instructions for incoming calls or advertisements for outgoing calls, thereby optimizing the process of cold calls.

Call sheduler. Organization of a call at a certain date and time, choosing whom and with whom to connect. Create a scheduled "False" call to callback.plus user. (choosing numbers of who, to whom, from what number).

Conversations recording - the saved data can only be decrypted by the owner using the blockchain technology from callback.plus.

Possibility to send sms with the changed number.

Massive promotion in the US + China markets.

Establishment of representative offices in India, South America, Southeast Asia, Eastern and Western Europe to collect partners for connection of performers.

Platform support. System scaling



20



REVENUES AND AGE OF INVESTMENTS

21



REVENUES AND AGE OF INVESTMENTS

Callback + will charge users for certain services, whether it is subscription or based on prepaid services, depending on the client's preferences. Sales and revenue reports will be clearly reflected thanks to the transparency of the blockchain.

We will occupy the telecommunications market among the crypto-currencies and blockchain companies throughout the year, and will attract a large number of private users by low tariffs, broad functionality and an aggressive marketing campaign. Having established our presence, we consolidate and expand it among ordinary users and similar large companies.

CBP tokens will be distributed in two Callback+ rounds (Pre-sale and ICO). Despite the fact that different crypto-currencies will be used, CBP will give discounts, positioning them in demand as a means to pay for services. The growing demand from end users will increase the price. We want to make Callback+ a flexible service that will allow business customers to pay as much as they want. Initially, we will offer 2 payment schemes.

1. Prepaid tariff. This will be a fixed monthly amount, suitable for business clients who make a large number of calls every month. It can include a discount on a direct number and additional options such as IVR, answering a call, calls tracking and so on.

2. Pay for the conversation. This will mean making calls at a standard price while there are available funds on the account. Business Clients will always be able to make protected calls in their network for free. Apart from direct pressure to CBP token buying as a means of providing discount services, revenue from other payments will be distributed among investors on an ongoing basis. The easiest way to achieve this will be through permanent dividends, but this will entail legislative difficulties. The same way to achieve the same results ends with the periodic redemption of CBP tokens from supporting exchanges, followed by burning, reducing the available balance and increasing the price.

TOKENS PRE-SALE PERFORMANCE

Fundraising and release of tokens on Pre-sale is necessary to save the pace of product development, adding additional options to the developed platforms. Finalization of its own callback.plus blockchain, on the basis of which a decentralized system is built. Installation of additional equipment for the expansion of decentralized SMS gateways and communication channels in Asia and Latin America.

22



Financial resources (an agreement with suppliers to pay for services with crypto-currency) is needed already at this stage of development.

We believe in our product and have already moved it from the prototype into an existing product.

We are ready to offer unprecedented conditions for placing the tokens on the Pre-sale round:

1. We will add 50% of bonus to your account! Regardless of the amount, we will deposit the equivalent in CBP tokens (Only during the pre-sale!). For example: For each deposited 1 ETH, we will add 0.5 ETH1 to your account. In total you will have 1.5 ETH2. There will be 1 ETH + 50 CBP = 1.5 ETH3 on your account

2. 30 Token units opens access to the extended functionality of the servic -- all holders of tokens purchased at the Pre-sale stage will receive lifetime free calls if they do not withdraw their funds from the subscriber account (after the ICO stage)

3. The number of accounts with extended functionality is limited by the terms of the smart contract.

4. CBP tokens are secured by the services. Tokens can be used immediately as a payment method for the services (which allows our ICO to remain legal in the US).

5. The possibility of internal transfers of tokens between accounts of subscribers (replenishment of balance and transfer of funds from one ID to another).

6. The cost of the CBP token in terms of services is more profitable than any other purchase of the service.

7. Limitation of payout for the period : 3 months (90 days counted from the moment of crediting to the account)

TOKENS ICO PERFORMANCE

Callback+ is already an existing business, showing a high dynamics of expansion in the market. As a result, in its financial policy, Callback+ aims to provide investors with the most interesting conditions for investing in business development. So the company's tokens - CBP - are of the combined type. They are simultaneously paid bonuses from business profits, as well as the planned redemption of tokens on exchanges from the company's profits.

Thus, the profitability of the investor consists of: 1. Revenue from bonuses. 2. Revenue from the growth of the market value of the token.

1 In case of purchase in the first 48 hours 2 In equivalent of tokens at the rate of 1ETH=100CBP 3 After 90 days it is possible to exchange CBP for ETH and

23



DISTRIBUTION OF PROFITS AFTER ICO

1. 25% of the company's profit goes to bonus payments. Bonuses are awarded once a month. The first payment on April 15, 2018 will already be credited to holders of the tokens purchased at the ICO before this date (closure on April 15, UTC+0 00-00). The transfer to the wallets of the holders of the tokens is made within a week from the moment of charging. 2. 25% of the company's profit goes to buy tokens on the market in order to increase their market value. In the case of a lack of tokens in the market, the funds not spent are considered additional profit, respectively, increasing bonuses.

24



THE TEAM

25



THE TEAM

What do you need to create an excellent and high-quality product? You need a team. Team of professionals. This is the whole point of our essence! We are ready to present you professionals of different fields: engineers, IT specialists of different levels and directions, crypto evangelists, telecommunication specialists. Our team has impressive results. Because we dedicate all our time to this project. And this is bearing fruit. If you want to join us - welcome! Callback+ Team has already created a working cross-platform product that can be used by potential clients and investors.

Vitaliy Korepanov

O-FOUNDER Has a serious entrepreneurial experience and draws inspiration from Blockchain technology. This gave him the opportunity to create such technological solutions that helped to really improve people's lives. Under his leadership, the company expanded its activities to provide specialized software in the telecommunications industry. You can call him the father of the project, the ideological inspirer. After all, he invests in the project not only his finances, but his whole soul. He spents hours in negotiations with partners, seeking synergies from cooperation and implementing innovative developments.

Ruslan Kuznetsov

O-FOUNDER, CEO His task is to translate ideas into reality. And is meticulous about doing this step by step. He likes to create new products and also read books. He is Master of writing business plans. A rare perfectionist. He approaches thoroughly the study of the product and its accompanying topics. He approaches rationally the solution of complex problems. He uses every opportunity for his development, knows everything about the product, and everything else that no one else knows. He has several higher educations, including foreign ones.

26



Dmitry Seledtsov

SENIOR SOFTWARE ENGINEER Its main quality is the incredible power of persuasion, and yet - a wide range of knowledge in various areas of information technology. He specializes in the development of distributed systems, and highly available services. Experience in programming languages: Java, PHP, JavaScript, C#, ++, development experience since 2002 Databases: MSQL, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis. Summarize. Dmitry is able to solve "unsolvable" problems.

Alexander Balashov

SENIOR DEV. KNOWLEDGE OF FRONT-END AND BACK-END TECHNOLOGIES AND ALGORITHMS Has an excellent intuition and an outstanding mind. If the answer to the question does not lie on the surface, he will read a bunch of books, he will study all profile and non-profile forums, but he will find what he is looking for. In 1999 he developed his first website. Alexander has extensive experience in planning and implementing highly scalable systems. Profile programming languages: PHP, Perl, Python and Ruby as well as the development of mobile applications in Java (Android). Work with databases: MSQL, PostgreSQL.

Alexey Rudakov

BACK-END DEVELOPER, WITH EXPERIENCE IN DEVELOPING HA (HIGHLY LOADED) SERVICES. At the age of 12, he "felt ill" with information technology. As a result, the choice of profession was obvious. He perfectly understands that his work hasnt subtle things. A good memory, inquisitiveness and curiosity helps to understand their intricacies. And he is also a creative person, and this, of course, adds prospects for the development of the project. In the callback+ team he is the developer of the core and intelligent system for instant messengers. Knowledge of languages: PHP, Node.js, C++, Bash. Databases: MSQL, PostgreSQL, ODBC, RADIUS.

27



Dmitry Kashuba

UX/UI AND FRONT-END DEVELOPER, DESIGNER Activity and purposefulness coexist in this person with amazing kindness, accuracy and neatness. He always wants to be the best and will not allow anyone to surpass him. Since 2003 he has completely devoted himself to the design of interfaces. He has skills and knowledge in the field of UX/UIdevelopment, HTML, CSS, JS, PHP. Photoshop, Illustrator toolkit. It implements the thoughts of developers in user-friendly interfaces

Elena Kuznetsova

COMMUNITY MANAGER A crypto evangelist, truly devoted to blockchain. Her character is a fire. She likes grace in things. She proves in practice that diligence and creativity bring enormous fruit in working with the media and other channels. She helps the community to deal with the problems, leads social networks, channels, blogs and topics on the forums. Specialist in retargeting, connection of analytics, organization of mailings. And what is most important in this case? Ability to be in tune with people. And there is no denying this talent.

28



TERMS AND CONDITIONS

29



TERMS AND CONDITIONS

This document is for informational purposes only and is not an offer or call to sell shares or securities on the Calback+ platform or any other related or associated company. CBP tokens are not securities The User acknowledges, understands and agrees that CBP tokens are not securities and are not registered with any government agency as bid bond, and should not be treated as such. Absence of guarantees of income or profit There are no guarantees that the CBP tokens will increase in price. If this happens, then there is no guarantee that due to some unforeseen circumstances, or events that the developers can not control, or because of force majeure circumstances, the CBP token rate will not decrease, including significantly. Risks related to Ethereum CBP tokens are released on the Etherium blockchain. In this regard, any fault or malfunctioning of the Etherium protocol may lead to the fact that the trading network of CBP tokens will work in an unforeseen manner. Regulatory uncertainty Technologies related to blockchain are subject to supervision and control by various regulatory bodies around the world. CBP tokens can be regulated by them, including by restricting the use or possession of digital tokens, such as CBP, that can slow or limit functionality, or buyout CBP tokens in the future. CBP tokens are not investments CBP tokens are not some sort of formal or legally binding investment. Due to unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth in this document may be amended. Despite the fact that we intend to implement all the points set forth in this document, all persons and parties involved in the purchase of CBP tokens do so at their own risk.

30



