CamX

LiveCAM neXt generation

White Paper

Affiliate program of online broadcasts with transaction fixing using the blockchain technology.

DATE of Pre-ICO: 02 November 2017 - 18 January 2018 DATE of ICO: 01 February 2018 - 31 May 2018 Max. amount of $ 25 million

Version 1.8 from 22/12/2017

2017



Table of contents Glossary ................................................................................................................................3 Introduction ..........................................................................................................................4 Market analysis.....................................................................................................................6 Product Description .............................................................................................................7 Token description ................................................................................................................8 Placement of tokens ............................................................................................................9 Development calendar .......................................................................................................11 Distribution of funds ..........................................................................................................12 Team .................................................................................................................................... 14 Next Steps...........................................................................................................................15 References to information .................................................................................................16 Denial of responsibility ......................................................................................................17 Risk factors.........................................................................................................................19

1



Glossary LiveCam (live) site - site for adults (adult) with online video broadcasts of chat rooms. Model - is a person or group of people who broadcast live on a live site. Member - is a registered customer on the site. Paying member - a member who bought ever credits (for fiat or crypto-currencies) and spent them in the member area of the website. Credit - the internal currency of the site. Webmaster- is a person or company that for% of the amount of sales attracts traffic to the website via its unique link and / or through a white-label website. Shave - fraudulent activities from the partner program, in which the webmaster is not paid his % of sales. Billing- is an organization that provides credit card acceptance services. Rebill - is a monthly subscription automatically renewed by withdrawing a certain amount by Billing from the paying member's credit card. CamX - a paid live site www.camxio.com CAMX - Token Ticker

2



Introduction

The industry of online video chats (livecam) with a volume more than $ 2 billion a year every 2-3 years changes the leader. The main goal of the CamX project is to create a new livecam website, which will become a leader in the industry, and to keep the leadership in the future.

The main problems in this industry are:  Webmasters migrate from one partner network to another due to fraud

(shave), when the partner network stops paying a per cent from the sales and rebills. Other livecam sites not always fix a client to webmaster and according to this webmasters are forced to work on several projects. Traffic is distributed among different livecam sites and in case of closure webmasters lose all income.  Models for increasing earnings are forced to work on several sites with different interface, design and payment conditions.  Members migrate from one site to another to search of interesting models, a user-friendly interface and an interesting community for communication. CamX will solve all these problems. Our goal is to create a reliable and transparent platform for everyone using blockchain technology that can not fraud partners, the models will work comfortably and profitably, and the members will never want to go to another site. The client, once brought to the website by a webmaster, will be attached to him for life and as a result, the webmaster will receive the maximum revenue. Except shave, there is another problem a migration of client to other sites for many reasons like design, bonuses, another models, etc. We solved this problem by dint of White Label system. Every webmaster can create his own website based on our livecam with a unique design, niche, bonus program and billing. There are many webmasters in the world who monetize traffic on webcam sites but they are distributed among dozens of affiliate programs and hundreds of paid sites. We will put them together, offering unique conditions without any risk and fraud, we offer a transparent statistics and of course a huge number of models. We have good-qualified team members, who have been working in adult industry since 2001. We gave webmasters, models, studio owners, traffic specialists, lowers, programmer and affiliate program managers. We know how to make the best webcam chat for models, studios, webmasters and, first of all, for the members which will increase the income. Our formula of success: 1000 models will have 1000 members and will bring $1 billion per year. There is a blockchain technology in CamX project and it works in the following way: all transactions are fixed in the global registry between affiliate program, billings, webmasters, studios, models and members. Thanks to that shave is impossible and each participant will receive the maximum profit. And this is our main feature of the project. All investors as a bonus will receive lifetime access to the CamX website with free credit and access level depending on the amount of investment.

3



Market analysis LiveCam market changes a leader every 2-3 years since 1996. It was different

sites like ifriends.net, camcontact.net, peekshows.com, flirt4free.com, cams.com, streamate.com, livejasmine .com, imlive.com, myfreecams.com, chaturbate.com and others. Despite the change of leaders, all these sites are still successfully working and making a profit. Despite the change of leaders, all these sites are still successfully working and making a profit. Sites from the top ten leaders generate revenue from $ 5 to $ 30 million per month. In addition to industry leaders, there are hundreds of other sites, with revenues ranging from $ 100,000 to $ 5 million per month.

An example is the LiveJasmin website. According to the BBC, from 2016 to 2017 the number of visitors of this site per day increased from 25 million to 40, mainly visitors from North America and Europe. This livecam site has a state with 2000 models, and LiveJasmin earnings for 2016 are about 3-4 billion dollars. According to Alexa, LiveJasmin takes 80th place in the US and 103rd worldwide. But it was not always so, for example, in 2008, the profit of the site was in ten times less, due to the fact that in those days this was not so common. The main competitor of LiveJasmin is MyFreeCams, which has 4 million visitors per day, and Alexa is positioned at 341th place in popularity in the US.

Sites like these earn mainly on tips for girls and private chats. Everything happens in the following way: the member buys tokens and buys for them various services in the member zone of livecam website. For example, on MyFreeCams the price of these tokens is $ 19.99 for 20 pieces. The average payment amount of one paying member is $ 50- $ 60 per month.

Today web-modeling became so popular and widely spread all over the world. For example, the company Kink, which is in San Francisco, just a few years ago, shot ordinary porn videos with elements of fetishism, and now they have a huge number of private rooms that they rent to independent web models. According to their vice president John Sander, the future of the porn industry is in web-modeling.

There are more that 300,000 models in the world, most of them work on several sites. And their number is constantly increasing. Perhaps in the near future there will be no classical sites for adults they will be replaced by livecam.

According to the BBC, the market of livecam sites is steadily growing on 10-15% per year.

4



Product Description We created not just a livecam site, we created a platform for online communication between models and members. Thanks to the use of modern technologies, the maximum involvement of the member will be realized in the activity in the member area of the website, and this ensures a longer period of activity of each paying member than on other sites. The prototype of our livecam site you can find here http://camxio.com. Already work such modules like video streaming, chat, registration of members and models, in the near future will be launched a couple of streams with support, where you can ask questions. After registration, you will receive free credits to test the operation of our software. The first models for work will be available after the ICO.  Technical details:  WebRTC Based Streaming  Cam2Cam  Adaptive design  Full compatibility with mobile devices. Video playback is possible on the

iPhone, iPad, all mobile phones and tablets based on Android.  Models can broadcast video from mobile devices using the application

developed by us from devices based on Android and iOS. All transactions in the system (in the affiliate program and member-zone of the livecam site) will be fixed in the blockchain system that makes shave impossible and every webmaster can look through transaction of his involved member.

5



Token description

Tokens CAMX will be issued on the WAVES platform. The total amount of emission of CAMX tokens will correspond to the number of attracted crypto currency in the equivalent of USD, but not more than the limit, designated in Hard Cap. The release date is within 2 weeks after the end of the ICO. There is a listing in plans on the DEX exchange after the release of the token pool. Also negotiations is conducting with the exchanges: YoBit, Tidex, Bitfinex, Bittrex, Exmo, Liqui, LiteBit.eu, HitBTC, COSS. The grows of CAMX tokens is expected because of the next reasons:  Demand among the members. For the possession of CAMX tokens,

different statuses for members will be assigned, for example: VIP for the first 1000 members with the largest number of tokens, Platinum for the next 100 thousand members, Gold for the next 10 thousand and Silver for all who have at least 1 token. Statuses will give privileges on the site, such as discounts on buying credits, disabling banner ads, cam2cam, Private chat rooms, translating text into the model language and back, free access to video and messenger models, participating in party tickets and so on.  Demand among models. In the general list of models, models with CAMX tokens will be presented first- the more tokens model has, the higher she is in the list, and, correspondingly, she has more members in her chat and higher revenue. According to our calculations, those wishing to buy tokens will be from 500 to 2000 models with an average of about 1,000 tokens. Top-up earning models can spend amounts from $ 5K and above in order to be on top of the site, this is a common practice.  Demand among webmasters. Depending on the availability of tokens, the webmaster will be offered a payout rate from 20 to 25% of the purchase amount of the members from the traffic sent by the webmaster. In addition, a certain number of CAMX tokens will be needed by the webmaster in order to make their white label site, request exclusive promotional materials, connect their billing, etc.  10% of the received profit the functioning of the site will be directed to the redemption of tokens at the exchange price on the main exchanges. Since tokens will be in constant turnover, the process will be continuous.  After the launch of the project, the tokens will be very attractive for all project participants and as a means of investment and as a working tool, constant demand will grow on them as a result of which the price for them will grow proportionally.

6



Placement of tokens



In total, at the stage of the implementation of the tokens, two waves of early



sale were offered in the framework of a public preliminary sale. For both phases,



there are planned to place 250,000 tokens for each, totaling 500,000 tokens. In the



early stage, which will take place from the 2nd to the 9th of November, the discount



will be 40%. In the main pre-sale period, which will be held from 9 to 16 November,



the discount will be 30%.



The number of purchased tokens in the Early Bird phase will be limited to the



minimum package, which will be 13,000 tokens, in the main pre-sale phase 6,000



tokens, respectively.



The main stage of the implementation of tokens from 1 February 2018 to 31



May 2018. This period is divided into parts and accordingly bonuses in the form of a



discount from the cost of the token, which depends from the date of purchase of the



packages. So the shortest segment from 16th to 20th November, the token will be



issued at a discount of 20%, the main part from November 20 to December 4 with a



10% discount, and residual sales for those who did not have time before Christmas



and New Year's holidays will last until December 18 included, during this period will



be realized without discounts. During this basic phase, the number of tokens



purchased will not be limited except in the early periods when the discounts on the



token will be 20% and 10%, the minimum packages will be 1,000 and 100 tokens,



respectively.



At all stages, the reference time is 17:00 GMT - Greenwich Mean Time /



Coordinated Universal Time (Standard Time)



Closing of sales is possible if the entire planned amount of investments is attracted



ahead of schedule by 25,000,000.00 (twenty five million) USD, or when the sales completion



time is reached, May 31, 2018 at 17:00 GMT.



The minimum



Date



Discount purchase



amount



Pre-sale "Early Bird"



2 November 2017 17:00 GMT 9 November 2017 17:00 GMT



40%



10 000



Pre-Sale



9 November 2017 17:00 16 November 2017 17:00 GMT



30%



5000



Pre-ICO "Early Bird"



16 November 2017 17:00 GMT 20 November 2017 17:00 GMT



20%



1 000



Pre-ICO, first stage



20 November 2017 17:00 GMT 4 December 2017 17:00 GMT



10%



100



4 December 2017 17:00 GMT



Pre-ICO, second stage 18 January 2018 17:00 GMT



5%



1



ICO, main stage



1 February 2018 17:00 GMT 31 May 2018 17:00 GMT



0%



1



7



CamX reserves the right to offer special sales terms to strategic customers and partners.

The purchase of tokens can be paid in currencies Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Ethereum Classic (ETC), Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Dash (DASH), NEM (XEM), Waves (WAVES), Zcash (ZEC) or USD (bank transfer).

After the end of all stages of the sale of the tokens, we will additionally issue 5% of the sold tokens for payment for the Bounty campaign. Another 15% will be released and reserved for the team.

8



Development calendar  December 2, 2017 the release of working demo  May 31, 2018 the end of the location of the tokens  June 2018 release of tokens and listing on available exchanges  After June 18, 2018 the release of the main platform  End of June 2018 early July 2018 the development of own purse and

marketplace  July 2018 the integration with friendly projects to improve platform

functionality  Early August 2018 the pilot launch of the release  End of August 2018  Release  Early September 2018 the audit of the launch  Mid-Septeber 2018 the marketing campaign to attract models / studios /

affiliates / members  Beginning of October 2018 the launch of development of applications for

Android and iOS TV  Early November 2018 the analysis and consultation about the development

of virtual reality applications

9



Distribution of funds The funds raised from the placement of CAMX tokens will be distributed as follows:



Denomination Marketing ICO Finalization of software for online translation Developing an affiliate program for blockchain Testing of all software Server rental Legal and accounting services Office expenses (furniture, equipment, rent) Headhunter Service Salary of managers and specialists Participation in exhibitions and conferences. Advertising campaign to attract models Advertising campaign to attract webmasters Attracting members Total



% from the sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum Fixed sum

1% from Hard Cap 6% from Hard Cap 12% from Hard Cap 77.14% from Hard

Cap



Sum 300 000 50 000 25 000 50 000 90 000 100 000 100 000 50 000 200 000 250 000

1 500 000 3 000 000 19 285 000 25 000 000



10



11



Team The project has a cohesive and experienced international team consisting of developers, marketers, leading managers and other specialists. Employees have already completed many realized projects in online business and this is the first project related to blockchain technology of such a large-scale format. Today, the project team consists of 14 specialists in the main state, soon we are planning to expand the team to 30 people by inviting additional managers, programmers and marketers. Key staff is: Alexander Chub - CEO. An Internet marketer, owner of affiliate programs and hosting services, has been working in the field of Internet advertising since 2003. Took part in creating and launching of similar affiliate programs and livecam-projects. Has many years of successful experience in all areas of Internet marketing. Sergey Sergienko  COO. The inspirer of the project. In livecam-business since 2004. Works with all major affiliate programs. In August 2011 he entered the top 10 best partners of Pussycash. 2x winner of master-x awards. Colin Drury  CTO. A specialist in attracting adult traffic since 2001 (CJ / TGP). The owner of various affiliate programs since 2006. Crypto evangelist. Jurek Gorsky - a specialist in marketing promotion, manager and co-owner of partner programs since 2005. Evill - the head of the department of one of the existing livecam affiliate programs. Has many years of experience working with one of the market leaders as a specialist in attracting webmasters and traffic. Merus - a co-owner of livecam studios. Dmitry Alentiev - a leading developer. A specialist in video streaming, software development since 2004. Implemented more than 20 projects of livecamsites. The author of such products as Camazee, CamSplitter, Video Roulette. Tongue4You - a model with an experience on sites like peekshows, livejasmin, MFC, Chaturbate etc. Serhii Andriyenko  lawyer. He has been working with various international jurisdictions in the field of corporate law, contractual / commercial relations, formation and support of organizational structures since 2007. Our team consists of real professionals with huge experience in different fields, such as: development of live chat rooms, creation and management of partner programs, webmasters and owners of sites and tubes, experts in drawing the traffic, web-studio owners, advertisers, marketing specialists, human resources specialists. There are 37 people in the team at the moment.

12



Next Steps Log in and sign up at https://camx.io to participate in the sale of tokens. If you have any questions, you can ask them: by mail office@camx.io or in the contact form at https://camx.io

13



References to information 1. BBC News, Cam-girls: Inside the Romanian sexcam industry,

http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-40829230 2. The New York Times, Intimacy on the Web, With a Crowd,

http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/22/technology/intimacy-on-the-web-with-acrowd.html

14



Denial of responsibility

The information contained in this White Paper may be incomplete and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. The content of this White Paper is not binding for the Company and can be changed as the platform is designed and developed. . This White Paper does not contain investment, legal, tax, regulatory, financial, accounting or other recommendations, and this White paper is not intended to represent the only correct basis for evaluating transactions for the acquisition of CAMX tokens. For buying CAMX tokens the future buyer should to consult with a personal legal, investment, tax, accounting and other adviser to determine the potential benefits, barriers and other consequences of such a transaction.

Nothing in this White Paper should be regarded as a request for investment and as an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction.

Also, this document is not drawn up in accordance with the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction and does not fall under the jurisdiction of any jurisdiction that prohibits or in any way restricts transactions with cryptocurrency.

Some statements, estimates and financial information contained in this White Paper are forecasts, not factual information. Such statements and information are related with unknown risks and uncertainties that could lead that actual events or results will differ materially from the estimates in this document.

CAMX tokens are not offered or distributed, nor can they be resold or otherwise alienated by their owners to citizens, individuals and entities resident or registered in the United States of America (including all states and the District of Columbia), Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands , any other possessions of the United States of America or in a country or territory where operations with cryptocurrencies are prohibited or in any way restricted. If such person acquires CAMX tokens, his actions will be regarded as illegal, unauthorized and fraudulent, which will have negative consequences.

The Company does not offer or distribute CAMX tokens, not to do a business in regulated operations in Singapore, the People's Republic of China or other countries and territories where transactions of tokens are subject to prohibitive measures and require the Company to be registered or licensed in all the necessary governmental bodies. We remind each buyer of CAMX tokens that White Paper is represented on the grounds that the reader is a person whose attention the document can be legally submitted in accordance with the jurisdiction distributed to this person. The responsibility of each potential buyer of CAMX tokens is to determine whether the buyer will be able to legally acquire CAMX tokens under the buyer's jurisdiction and whether the buyer will be able to resell the CAMX tokens to another buyer under another jurisdiction.

This technical document in English is the main official source of information about the CAMX project. The information contained herein may be translated from time to time into other languages. During such translation, some of the information

15



contained herein may be lost, damaged or distorted. The accuracy of such alternative messages can not be guaranteed.

In the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between such translations, the official document in English will prevail.

16



Risk factors

The acquisition of tokens involves a high degree of risk, including, but not limited to, the risks listed below. Before buying CAMX tokens, each potential buyer should carefully weigh all the information and risks outlined in this White Paper, and in particular the following risk factors.

Dependence on the computer infrastructure. Dependence of the company Binary Media LTD on the functioning of software applications, computer equipment and the Internet means that Binary Media LTD can not guarantee that a break in the system will not adversely affect on the using of CAMX tokens owned by holders. Despite the fact that Binary Media LTD uses all reasonable measures to ensure network security, the servers of its data center are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical and electronic hacking and other intrusions of a similar nature. Computer viruses, burglaries and other violations caused by the actions of third parties can lead to interruptions, delays and suspension of the provision of services, which may limit the possibility of using CAMX tokens. Legislative risks. Blockchain technology, including but not limited of that, release of tokens may be a new concept in some jurisdictions that existing legislation can apply to it, or enact new legislation governing applications based on blockchain technology, and such legislation may conflict with the concept of the CAMX token. This situation may require significant changes in the CAMX concept, including, but not limited suspension, loss of CAMX tokens, or the suspension or termination of all CAMX token functions. Taxes. The holders of CAMX tokens may incur obligations to pay taxes in connection with transactions provided for in this document, in the United States or in their countries of residence. In this case, holders of CAMX tokens are solely responsible for compliance with US and other jurisdictions and all applicable taxes. Force Majeure. The activities of Binary Media LTD may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force majeure means events and circumstances of an extraordinary nature that could not be foreseen by Binary Media LTD, and include natural disasters, wars, armed conflicts, riots, industrial conflicts, epidemics, mass layoffs, strikes with a decline in productivity, long-term shortages or interruptions in the supply of electricity or telecommunications services, the actions of the municipal government, state governments and the federal government and other circumstances beyond the control of Binary Media LTD, which were not observed at the time of publication of this White Paper. If such circumstances occur before the release of CAMX tokens, Binary Media LTD can not issue CAMX tokens within 1 month from the scheduled date, at the request of Binary Media LTD tokens customers, to return their paid

17



funds. The refund is paid in the original amount and form of payment to the same digital wallet or bank account from which the funds have arrived.

Information disclosure. Personal information received from holders of CAMX tokens, information on the number of tokens belonging to holders of CAMX tokens, addresses of used purses and other relevant information may be disclosed to law enforcement and state authorities and other third parties if Binary Media LTD is required to disclose such information by law, by law subpoena or by order of the court. Binary Media LTD under no circumstances is responsible for the disclosure of such information for the reasons stated. The cost of CAMX tokens. The cost of purchased CAMX tokens can not vary significantly for any different reason. Binary Media LTD does not guarantee any particular cost of CAMX tokens at any time. Binary Media LTD assumes no responsibility for any changes in the cost of CAMX tokens. Fluctuations of the bitcoin course. The cost of CAMX tokens is expressed in the equivalent value of the US dollar. However, some services are paid by the CAMX project in US dollars and / or Euro (for example, marketing traffic). Assumptions in connection with the above include, among other things, opinions on future economic, competitive and market conditions and business decisions, most of which are not subject to control by the Binary Media LTD project team and therefore are difficult to accurately predict. While the Binary Media LTD project team considers its assumptions, based on the forecasted preliminary statements, reasonable, any of them may in the future prove to be incorrect. Therefore, the team of the Binary Media LTD project can not in any way guarantee that the predictive preliminary statements given in this White Paper will be accurate. In the light of the considerable uncertainty inherent in the forward-looking preliminary statements contained in this document, the inclusion of such information can not be interpreted as a guarantee by Binary Media LTD or any other legal entity that the objectives and plans of the Binary Media LTD project will be successfully implemented. Please, take into account that the project CAMX may be subject to other risks that the project management can not foresee at present.

18



