"The n ext g eneration banking platform f or t he next billion"

PLATFORM WHITEPAPER Version: 1.1

Author: Kumar G aurav kumar@cashaa.com Contributors: A lex N orta, Mikko O htamaa, C elestine Vettical

Copyright 2 017 @  C ashaa L imited



Content



1. Executive Summary



3



2. T he Cashaa: The next g eneration b anking p latform f or t he next billion



4



3. Cashaa Beta L aunch: R emittance &  Trading



7



4. Design Approach



10



4.1 E cosystem



11



4.2  Blockchain T echnology



12



5. P roducts



13



5.1 Wallets



13



5.2 Physical &  Virtual cards



13



5.3 Micro Lending



14



5.3 Peer-to-peer exchange (Beta Tested)



15



5.5 P eer t o P eer I nsurance ( Future)



16



6. K ey M ilestones a ccomplished



17



7. Public A ppreciation



18



8. Future R oadmap a nd B usiness Growth Model



20



9. Go t o Market Strategy



21



9.1 Strategic P artnerships



21



9.2 Legal, A uditing and Regulatory Partnerships



21



10. Cashaa Tokens a nd T oken G eneration E vent



22



10.1 T oken Functionality



23



10.1.1 Benefits of CAS token



23



10.1.2 Acquiring t okens



23



10.1.3 Spending tokens



23



10.1.4 G overnance mechanism



25



10.2 T oken S ummary



25



10.3 T oken S ale a nd Distribution R oadmap



25



10.4 T oken Distribution



27



10.5 T oken Availability  & V esting Period



27



10.6 Use of  P roceeds f rom Token d istribution



29



10.7 Token Support



32



10.8 Assurance



32



Copyright 2 017 @  C ashaa Limited



1. Executive S ummary

The global financial crisis revealed significant weaknesses in the existing financial system and some of the vulnerabilities already showed their impact on the interconnected global market. The world economy is still struggling with slow growth rate today1. Transferring money for remittance, money lending across international borders is still very complicated, time consuming2 and expensive3. Existing systems running on traditional banking channels are slow and full of intermediaries, higher exchange rates, counter-party risks, b ureaucracy a nd extensive p aperwork4.

More than 3.5 billion people are still unbanked5 or underbanked6 and have few opportunities to have a safe and secure way to participate in the global economy. On-boarding this missing population to the benefits of the global financial system is key in order to provide a sustainable solution for their future economic outlook. However, it turns out that consumers and businesses are struggling to leverage the benefits of the Blockchain infrastructure due to poor usability, non customer centric approach and improper legal implementation.

Cashaa built its infrastructure on the blockchain and utilizes a rtificial intelligence to power mainstream adoption for financial products. It empowers the banked and unbanked population, facilitates low cost currency exchanges, enables participation in the global economy and develops the new outlook for this community by using open architecture. Instead of rebuilding or riding on the rails of archaic banking infrastructure, we built Cashaa to allow consumer adoption of cryptocurrencies, which let people move money as they wish at low cost and high speed, without having to understand the technical details of crypto a nd b lockchain technology, thereby making i t user friendly, s ecure, and a ffordable. This whitepaper fills the gap between the existing financial system and emerging non-user friendly technologies by presenting a secure and simple way to use payments and banking architecture that aims to lower financial inclusion barriers and provide financial services to the banked and unbanked. We present the advantages of the Cashaa system, outlining its requirements and goals, along with the architecture for its financial ecosystem. In addition, we present the results of C ashaa's use case for a remittance and t rading system t hat i nvolved o ver 1 2,770 r egistered u sers f rom 1 41 countries.

1 GDP g rowth ( annual % ) 2 W hat are t he remittance fees worldwide? 3 L ending i nterest rate (%) 4 W hat`s wrong with B anking a nd what t o d o a bout it 5 T HE GLOBAL FINDEX D ATABASE 2014 6 T hree Quarters o f The World's P oor Are "Unbanked"

Copyright 2017 @  Cashaa Limited



2. The C ashaa: The n ext g eneration b anking platform for t he next b illion

The Cashaa team is building a next generation model for financial services which is based on blockchain technology and artificial intelligence which will empower devices with biometric identification systems to solve the problems o f the existing financial system for the u nbanked a s well as banked population7.

Problem 1:

Having a traditional rail infrastructure, where moving money requires huge processing efforts includes endless problems. One of the main reasons for friction in this current system is that information is siloed between the players in the industry. A meagre amount of engineering is done on the payment systems which are compatible across payment networks and financial institutions. Examples include FedWire8, CHIPS9, SWIFT10, consumer card payment networks, NSCC/DTCC11, OCC12, ACH13 and many others depending on countries14.

Problem 2:

The recent emergence of cryptocurrency tokens showed a silver lining to save us from the legacy systems. However, it turns out that a growing number of users and businesses are struggling to leverage on the existing blockchain infrastructure. The primary role of blockchains was to solve coordination and synchronization problems amongst multilateral agreements between a network of participants, but it seems that these multiple blockchains are now giving a hard time to "real users" and have become a bottleneck for the mainstream adoption15. Also the current attempts by others to provide blockchain based solutions lack the workflow needs of small and medium sized enterprises, and the applications are not addressing the average c onsumer's i ssues a nd n ot providing legally c ompliant solutions t o their users.

Vision:

We believe there should be an efficient alternative to existing payment and banking systems. Our blockchain-based payments system aims to lower financial inclusion barriers and provide financial services to the banked and unbanked. Our vision is to build the payments and banking infrastructure for the future

7 Using Fingerprints t o B ank t he Unbanked 8 F ederal R eserve Bank S ervices 9 T he Clearing H ouse 10 S WIFT -  The g lobal p rovider of secure f inancial messaging s ervices 11 National Securities C learing Corporation 12 Office of the Comptroller o f the Currency 13 Automated Clearing H ouse 14 SWIFT, CHIPS, ACH, F edwire and B itcoin... 15 T he 6  Major H urdles for B lockchain Adoption

Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa Limited



on a robust AI driven blockchain infrastructure which can make the legacy system obsolete, thus creating value f or t he world.  Cashaa is b ased o n 4  foundational p rinciples:

1. Powering financial products for the Banked and Unbanked: Cashaa's digital and transparent services are not only attractive for the banked population, but they can also deliver financial inclusion solutions to the 2.5 billion unbanked and 1 billion underbanked globally, thereby creating a unique cross-border p latform w hich c an s erve the e ntire population. 2. Facilitating low-cost Currency Exchanges: Send money across borders quickly, for a small flat fee a fraction of the current costs, which today on average are 7 %16. Our industry-leading technology platform powered by our traders network can protect your money and offer best foreign exchange (FX)17 rates every t ime you u tilize Cashaa. 3. Enabling Investments in the Global Economy: C ashaa products can enable its users to access the global economy in a decentralised manner. They can facilitate the transfer of value across borders allowing greater portfolio diversification w ith h igher yields18. 4. Dedicated to the Community with an Open API: C reate the next generation DApp to solve the world's biggest financial challenges. Our developer SDK and Open API with integrated biometric and artificial intelligence s ervices w ill accelerate t he growth o f d igital i nnovation.

Team: Our team is comprised of the best, brightest and most passionate people in the industry sharing the same vision of making blockchain applications simple and accessible for the masses. Our team has more than 200 Years of Payments and Banking experience which is led by successful entrepreneurs who built their companies f rom scratch which a re n ow p art of F ortune T op 1 5 c ompanies in the world. Proven track records of our team members give us legal and regulatory understanding, domain expertise, emerging technologies and fulfilment of licensing requirements. Our team and advisory board includes C suite executives from Fortune 100 technology and financial services companies and from l eading educational institutions.

Kumar Gaurav has r eceived e xtraordinary status (O1) b y the U nited S tates G overnment, i s t he Chairman of Auxesis G roup, a n international s peaker w ho ranks among the Top 100 B lockchain I nfluencers i n the world,  also f ounded Darwinsurance (Acquired b y Esedra) backed by A IG, a nd i s a n a dvisor to m any incubators & startups.

Celestine Vettical was founder & CEO of Perfomix which was acquired by Baker Hughes, GE company. VP Baker Hughes, VP C ognizant. Worldwide Director Microsoft, Director SAP. Co-Inventor of self-service mailing m achines located in US Post O ffices. Co-founded Paymetric ( SAP P artner).

16 W estern Union c harged $ 29 to send $137 to N igeria. 17 What is Forex? 18 NEWS W IRE: Offshore M icrofinance  The Only L egitimate High Y ield Investment P rogram?

Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa L imited



Dominic Melo is Chief Payments officer at Cashaa and an experienced payments process flow designer quoted as Mr. Payments by Forbes. Owns European E-Money Institutions and payments licenses for South A merican c ountries.

Dr. Bernard Lietaer has been active in the realm of monetary systems for nearly 4 decades. He is the author of widely acclaimed books including T he Future of Money, Money and Sustainability, and New Money for a New World. Dr. Lietaer is known as the "A rchitect of the Euro" while he was at the Central Bank of Belgium. Businessweek named h im " t he world's top c urrency t rader" i n 1 992.

Janina Lowisz has been popular in the industry as Blockchain Girl, worked as blockchain analyst for major companies and co-founded Bitnation. Today she is also a Top 100 Global Blockchain Influencer, blockchain s peaker a nd model.

Dr. John Henry Clippinger is a research scientist at the MIT Media Lab. He is the author of "F rom Bitcoin to Burning Man and Beyond : The Quest for Identity and Autonomy in a Digital Society", and "A Crowd o One: The Future of Individual Identity". John is also Governance Advisor for Bancor Foundation and is helping u s to build a robust i dentity solution f or t he 2.5 b illion unbanked p eople.

Prof. Dr. Alex Norta is a research member at the Faculty of Informatics at Tallinn University of Technology. He is the Chief Scientific Officer at A grello Foundation and Chief Scientist at Q tum Foundation. Alex is helping Cashaa to b uild t he A I based s mart c ontract capabilities.

Anil Earla is Head of Information & Data Analytics, V ISA. With over 20 years of Fintech Experience, he is heading Digital Transformation at VISA and leading various technology teams. Anil`s strategic role is helping C ashaa to build a  scalable p ayments p roduct w hich can s erve billions of people.

Rakesh Lakhey has 15+ years of Banking experience including at World Bank and is proactively negotiating with corporates and g overnments t o b uild strong partnerships to grow Cashaa in Asia.

Simo Mcunu is an experienced banker from top South African banks such as F irst National Bank & R and Merchant Bank. He has won numerous awards for his innovations in banking and has served as Chairperson o f t he J unior B oard i n Africa's m ost i nnovative b ank ranked i n 2 016 & 2 017.

Richard Kastelein is the Founder & Publisher of Blockchain News. Founder, The Hackitarians. Partner, Crypto Assets Design Group and Director, Blockchain Partners. He also served as an Innovation Manager for t he E uropean P arliament.

Mikko Ohtamaa is a Founder & CTO of Token Market. He was also CTO for L ocalBitcoins.com and Advisor to FirstBlood a nd m any top b lockchain projects.

For complete team m embers visit w ww.cashaa.com

Copyright 2 017 @  C ashaa Limited



3. C ashaa Beta L aunch: R emittance & T rading

We already built and beta tested a blockchain-powered platform, which offers innovative trading and money transfer services between fiat and crypto currencies. 1 2,770 beta users across 141 countries tested the platform transacting   2 108.23486 ( approx. $ 10 M ). Cashaa video (The video gives an overview of cash transfer; over time, Cashaa can process payments in many o ther f orms and d oes n ot require m anual i ntervention or i n-person s ettlement.) During the trading & remittance process, the Bitcoin seller and buyer are asked to deposit their Bitcoins in the escrow. The seller has to deposit 100% of the coins which they have to sell, while the buyer has to put 10% collateral which is released as soon as the process completes. The Bitcoin escrow address used in this test t ransacting   2 108.23486 is m entioned b elow: https://blockchain.info/address/18dpRDcqUbDeGUYgiA5JGBw46D1HwV5ayw (Initial W allet) https://blockchain.info/address/16Z9HPAMriVDmFCqnYzXnLWVfhyxcoW8Qj (Secondary Wallet) Major countries where we saw the biggest adoption of our beta test include UK, Nigeria, India, Indonesia and Philippines. During this beta test, we were able to test our Remittance and Trading product which created a win-win situation for both the cryptocurrency traders community and the money senders community. Compared to any other existing trading platforms, our peer to peer exchange with liquidity providing mechanism from the remittance industry, clearinghouse messaging network and escrow system resulted in increasing market size, higher profit margins, and better speculation opportunities for the traders with lower security risks. We found that between and within countries, entrepreneurs could bring the advantages of cryptocurrency to their community by using our open API to build global and local payment

Copyright 2017 @ Cashaa Limited



solutions. We also validated the opportunity for money transfer shops to switch their payment service providers from traditional MTOs to Cashaa. Agents can become less expensive than their competitors, and gain a good market share while benefiting from Cashaa's cost-saving efficiencies. Additionally, Cashaa validated during the beta test the relevance of providing 24/7 availability, a rating system, a tool to import reputations from other platforms, w hile introducing t he security a dvantages o f a  P2P e xchange.



Key Benefits o f  B eta T est:

 The Cashaa platform (the "P latform" ) went through several iterations to be robust, and is now capable o f h andling l arge t ransaction volumes.  The Platform is upgraded with strong KYC, AML policies and compliance to make it fully compliant with r egulations.  Advanced escrow features increase the protection of stakeholders from any manipulation, thus mitigating counterparty risk so that customers can u se the p latform with c onfidence.  Operational processes are enhanced to optimise our user experience by involving our community in t he b ug bounty program through o ur s ocial media a nd helpdesk.



Key f indings f or the Money S ender: Comparison o f M oney T ransfer over Time - Cashaa's b enefits f or senders and recipients (transfer o f $  1000)



Bank



MTOs, C ityForex Competing S tartups Cashaa



Fees incl. Average FX c harges $ 5 0-75



Time



Average 3-5 d ays



Value-Add NA



Average 7 %

6-48 hours

The unbanked depend o n expensive and outdated services



Average $ 5-10

24-72 hours



$1 flat fee a nd wholesale forex rate

6-48 h ours



Trying to deliver part of t he s ervice, but n ot solving t he Problem f or unbanked community.



Serving the banked and unbanked b y g iving the choice b etween cash, bank, card a nd mobile wallet p ayments o n b oth the sender and t he receiver`s side



Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa Limited



Key f indings for the Trading Model:



LocalBitcoins



Centralised exchanges



Trading desks or OTC



Cashaa



Currencies



Bitcoin



Price D ifference 0.5-2% + T rader (compared t o demand (1-7%) Market )



Multicurrency 0 -  1%



Multicurrency 1-5%



Multicurrency 0%



Other F ee



No o ther fee + Fee on deposit/ Depends on t erms + No o ther f ee



Western Union or withdrawal +



international w ire (All payments settled



international w ire international wire



locally)



Payment Mode Cash a nd b ank account



Only bank account Only b ank account Cash and b ank a ccount



Payment Type Liquidity



Local  b ank transfer/ Western U nion



Local or



Local or



international b ank international bank



transfer



transfer



Local traders d eal Local traders d eal Local + personal sources



Local; international w ire not required

Local +  global ($ 600 Billion remittance)



Escrow Order B ook



Yes



Not required



Local t raders on Traders on



platform



platform



Not required Not r equired



Platform ROI Fee from trader Fee from t rader Fee f rom trader



Other F eatures NA



NA



NA



Yes

Local t raders + d eals coming through people who w ant to m ove money from one city t o another

Fee from m oney s ender + a lgorithmic m atching to exploit arbitrage

Coins linked  w ith c ards are s pendable anywhere o r withdrawable i n cash from A TM



Copyright 2017 @  C ashaa Limited



4. Design A pproach

From the architectural point of view, to implement the concept, the Cashaa system is divided into five main component layers that help the platform to scale, maintain and add new features while maintaining the highest level of security in a decentralized environment for the blockchain features. We also recognize that blockchain technology enables business collaborations that require high reliability and shared, trusted privacy to p reserve immutable d ata r epositories f or s mart c ontracts.

In order to take technical advantages and speedy time to market, Cashaa has teamed up with various organisations to leverage their pre-existing work such as Agrello Foundation19 for its AI based self aware contract capabilities, Auxledger20 for its robust infrastructure which has already onboarded 53 million identities and other enterprise infrastructures that would help to scale faster with the built-in capabilities of disrupting businesses and impacting millions of people across the globe. Coinfirm which provides data that p uts e ntities on t he safe s ide i n t erms o f regulatory a nd fraud risk related with c ryptocurrencies .

Our design approach is focused around reflecting our vision of customer centricity and user friendly applications while u tilising t he capabilities and p romises of b lockchain t echnology.

As c yber security is crucial for a  f ully d igital s ervice a nd t o protect our s ystems, Cashaa h as built s ystemic solutions u sing t he m ost advanced statistical a nd deep learning techniques t o detect a nd prevent t hreats in r eal-time. The integrated defense m odels have been s uccessfully applied a cross m ultiple c yber sources and will continue t o p rovide intelligent p rotection f or the c ompany's critical b usiness information.



19 Agrello F oundation 20 Auxledger



Copyright 2017 @  Cashaa L imited



4.1 Ecosystem

1. CASConnect layer is the first step for each participant to pass. Here, basic KYC checks are done by verifying their email ID and mobile number. For higher transaction slabs, users have to pass stringent checks and have to follow a tiered KYC structure that involves OFAC, AML and other guidelines that vary from country to country. This layer will also interact with banks and govt initiatives to use the existing KYC in place. We also provide the option of biometric verification to include undocumented parts of the population. 2. CASNet layer enables a blockchain-driven self-aware contract assisted by an agent for a decentralized peer-to-peer (P2P) economy. It will have the matching engine and system to define fee %, margins and

Copyright 2017 @ Cashaa Limited



bonus. This layer will be using some of the high quality tech work done by our Smart Contract Advisor Alex Norta21 and utilising the existing r esults achieved b y Q tum and Agrello F oundation.

3. CASFabric is the middle layer with core components for decentralized exchange with clearinghouse messaging network, fraud prevention, clock synchronization among the participants and liquidity provider mechanism. This layer has the required admin tools allowing admin users to add new cryptocurrencies, markets, fiat and create a trader partner contract within minutes to scale solutions, based on the industry adoption and maturity. The developer SDK in C#, JAVA, Python and Go will be published to develop and integrate it w ith the C ashaa p latform. C urrently, Cashaa h as s et u p exchange and F X p airs APIs i n JSON.

4. Our CASChain layer makes the network interoperable and cryptocurrency neutral, which may eventually operate through any digital currency or token which traders prefer, namely, Bitcoin, Ether, Ripple, NEO or any ERC-20 compliant token. Blockchain nodes of aforementioned cryptocurrencies will be enabled and integrated within CASConnect, thereby making Cashaa a partner of choice for interoperability to g row a longside w ith t he n eeds of t he financial services i ndustry.

5.  CASFiat layer will b e integrated w ith t he banking s ystem incorporating c ash i nstruments i n m ultiple currencies w ithin t he n etwork. T his l ayer i s r esponsible t o d ecide t he F X conversion; e nsures t he availability of each FX v alue available o n t he platform a nd a lso assists in working with 3 rd p arty A PIs s uch as X E, R euters easing communication with p ayment networks across the globe.

4.2  B lockchain Technology

Cashaa t oken i s implemented using E thereum EIP-20 (former E RC-20) s tandard. 2 2 T he t oken i s a ccepted and traded i n C ashaa's o wn services, b ut i s also compatible a cross d ifferent E thereum wallets a nd exchanges.

Cashaa's blockchain technology s tack is not limited to Bitcoin a nd Ethereum. When applicable, Cashaa uses different blockchain t echnologies t o decentralize its p roducts. This w ill give benefits of robustness, transparency, c ompatibility and scalability to C ashaa u sers.

Auxesis G roup

Enterprise grade blockchain infrastructure w ith b uilt-in capabilities d isrupting businesses and i mpacting millions o f population across t he country. T he Cashaa p roject i s a ligned w ith AuxLedger to u se t his technology for the identity m anagement, c ompliance and b anking integration.

Akash Gaurav, C EO Auxesis G roup: " W e are excited t o support Cashaa in India b y providing AuxLedger infrastructure. T ogether with the s tate G ovt o f I ndia A uxLedger first i mplementation holds more than 5 3 Million Indians till date"

21 Assoc. Prof. Alex N orta, PhD

22 https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/blob/master/EIPS/eip-20-token-standard.md Copyright 2017 @ C ashaa Limited



Agrello F oundation Agrello project w orks t owards creating l egally b inding self aware contracts b ased o n b lockchain. Cashaa sees t he opportunity f or u tilizing these f or efficiency g ains i n decentralized t rading and  microfinancing where t he c ost of engaging into a b usiness r elationship a nd writing agreements is high c ompared to the transaction value. A grello s elf a ware contracts c ombined with A grello i dentity and d igital s ignature enable fast and secure contract conclusion. Agrello C EO and co-founder Hando R and: " We think t he Cashaa p roject i s revolutionary i n Fintech, i t combines t he p otential of b lockchain w ith v ast increasing d emand o f P 2P m oney transfers w orldwide. We see huge p otential in cooperation" Qtum Foundation Qtum combines u niquely B itcoin functionality w ith t he EVM i n that i t a llows to use the U TXO p rotocol together with S PV so t hat it i s p ossible to work only with t he headers of transactions. D ifferently t o Ethereum, t his a llows for t he use of l ite wallets t hat a lso run on mobile d evices. Qtum Chief S cientist A lex N orta: " Cashaa c an l everage the Qtum s mart-contract system b y d eveloping mobile apps a nd a lso having a  performing a nd scalable P oS platform. "

Copyright 2 017 @ Cashaa Limited



5. P roducts

As a product-driven company our focus is to solve the problems using disruptive technologies to create products and services for simple and easy use. At Cashaa we work to build the next generation of consumer-centric payments and banking products on target to be the most cost-effective and innovative available on t he m arket.

5.1 W allets

Cashaa Wallet will be a one stop destination for users to use existing and other planned services. Products will be added as Cashaa secures the appropriate licences. For this purpose we are also partnering with existing institutions to leverage their licenses where required. C ashaa W allet is an alternative to traditional banking with a better way to spend, save and share your money, fee-free and straight from your mobile. The Cashaa App can accesses a global payments network that enables worldwide acceptance of the digital wallet. Our digital local currency account is a gateway to widespread cryptocurrency adoption, pairing it with access t o mainstream financial services and s mart new features o n a  s imple, u ser-friendly platform.

The Cashaa App (called: Cashaa) will be available for free on Android or IOS shortly and is already accessible through o ur W ebApp (see m ilestones f or m ore d etails).

Some of the c ore f unctions of the app w ill be provide depending o n r egulatory f ramework a nd l icences.

1. KYC for customer o nboarding 2. Deposit, send, receive fiat money ( multi-currency w allet) 3. Deposit, send, receive crypto assets (multi-cryptocurrency wallet) 4. Access microfinancing 5. Trading c rypto a ssets ( advanced f eature) 6. Activate foreign value-based transactions 7. Tips, t ools a nd t ailored advice t o reach your f inancial g oals 8. Spending analytics & transaction notification 9. Tap-to-pay f unctionality on t he p articipating 3rd p arty m obile w allets 10. Security f eatures to control the p hysical & v irtual card (t emporarily disable, freeze, enable- disable  ATM

withdrawals, activate geo location b ased s pending to prevent cloning attack, diable E commerce t ransactions)

5.2 P hysical & Virtual c ards

Each Cashaa Wallet includes a Cashaa prepaid card which complements the wallet. Physical prepaid cards are the most convenient way to connect virtual assets in the finance sphere. Through our card issuance partnerships with global payment networks, cards can be accepted by more than 39 Million merchants as

Copyright 2017 @  C ashaa Limited



well as POS terminals, the adoption of which is growing exponentially with existing 3 Million ATMs which enable to withdraw cash worldwide.

Digital Indian Case Study Results: "In India Point-of-Sale transactions saw 88 percent rise, while mobile wallets transactions doubled. Nearly 6.5 lakh POS machines by Public Sector Banks have been issued to merchants to benefit from low r entals t o p romote digital transactions".

Some o f the core f unctions o f t he c ard: 1. Real t ime conversion f rom c rypto to l ocal c urrency at p oint-of-sale 2. Chip-and-PIN E MV c ard 3. The ability to w ithdraw c ash from any A TM 4. Accepted a t m erchants POS *Depending on the country, product manuals will be issued including details such as the exact fee of each service.

5.3 M icro Lending

The World Bank reported that less than 1 in 10 people across the world's low and mid-income population have a documented credit history. It recommends u sing non-financial data for judging creditworthiness using the power of the peer-to-peer economy, which revolutionized the way people do business23, and due to which the financial sector has seen some impressive advancements. Cashaa microloans are small p2p loans that are issued by individuals on our platform. These loans can be issued by a single individual or aggregated across a number of individuals who contribute a portion of the total amount24. CAS tokens will be used to determine the credit score and are used as integral part of the system, explained in section 11.1.

This p roduct w ill serve dual p urposes:

1. Individuals who cannot obtain credits from a bank, or users in third world countries will be able to borrow m oney to start s mall businesses or f or i ndividual needs. 2. The second purpose is to give access to new lending opportunities. The lenders are individuals who pledge a  c ertain amount of money t o l oan out a deserving entrepreneur in another country.

Global micro and SME finance markets are growing by an average of 10-15%; while the highest growth rate is e xpected i n A sia P acific, driven b y developments in India and strong growth i n t he r egion25.

23 T he Current and Future S tate of the Sharing E conomy 24 P eer p ressure: H ow p eer-to-peer l ending platforms a re t ransforming the c onsumer lending industry

25 1015% G rowth f or global Micro a nd SMO Finance Markets with s ignificant r egional d ifferences Copyright 2 017 @ Cashaa Limited



Case S tudies f or M icro Finance in India a nd B angladesh:

The microfinance industry has seen tremendous growth over the past five years, growing at a 45% CAGR[ 1]. It has witnessed rapid evolution with regulatory reforms post the Andhra Pradesh crisis in 2010 to regulate a product, its pricing and protection of customer interest. This includes growth of regulated NBFC MFIs - a special class of RBI regulated entities carrying out microfinance, the formation of the first ever self-regulatory organizations (SROs) of the RBI, also Aadhar based lending by NBFC MFIs and transformation o f some o f t he entities i nto universal and s mall finance banks.

The key reason for the growth of the sector has been its ability to adapt changes, showing resilience in the face o f c hallenges a nd an a bility t o m aintain high repayment rates o f a lmost 9 9.5%.

In Bangladesh, the Nobel Prize winning Grameen model of social collateral combined with a high touch model and rigorous credit bureau discipline has helped to maintain high levels of repayment for small ticket sized unsecured loans26.

5.3 Peer-to-peer exchange (Beta Tested)

Cashaa has successfully connected a large number of individuals globally, who use the platform to trade cryptocurrencies across the globe without without the hassle of international payments to the seller. (T raders from 141 countries in 97 different currencies registered during our beta test) . These traders receive local fiat currency in exchange for selling and buying cryptocurrency. The Cashaa platform will be equipped with portfolio management services which enables market analysis, allowing users to share insights on markets, display their achievements and receive trading signals. Cashaa therefore lowers barriers to entry in the growing FX trading market for crypto currency, and thus supports experienced and new traders (traders required licences in some jurisdictions). Cashaa's peer to peer exchange even allows traders to buy and sell cryptocurrency which is not available in their local country's exchanges. (As an example, users in India can buy XRP, LTC, NEO, OMG in their local INR). This will bring balance in the entire crypto ecosystem and l ead t o s ystematic g rowth o f cryptocurrency across t he g lobe.

Core F eatures:

1. In-built crypto w allet 2. Buy and sell cryptocurrency (cash or bank account) 3. Genrate p asscode f or c ash trade 4. Location b ased s earch 5. Sorting a nd filtering b ased on traders preferences 6. Export reviews and r ating 7. Rate &  w rite review f or  t he counterparty 8. AI b ased trade a ctions t o m eet your goals w hile you are o ffline ( under d evelopment)

26 I ndian M icrofinance I ndustry will c ontinue t o demonstrate sustainable g rowth Copyright 2 017 @  Cashaa Limited



9. Option to trade through the participating 3 rd party c rypto w allets (under d evelopment) 10. Analytics and t ransaction h istory 11. In-built support and chat t ool

Trader view for a  deal for b uying C AS and d elivering INR (Live for BTC)



Trader view for a d eal f or s elling CAS and receiving G BP (Live for BTC)

5.5 P eer to Peer Insurance ( Future)

Insurance is a vital part of our everyday life and protects us from the uncertainty of life. As a fintech company, it is important for Cashaa to protect its users and provide access to innovative insurance services. The founding concept is to have a more efficiently replicated method for a group of friends or associates as to what traditional insurance companies do for a large number of strangers. This will make insurance more social, cheaper and clearer, thus educating people to the social function of insurance coverage and leveraging on business (like product construction) models of a mixed economy to provide users with better s ervice a nd b etter e xperience a t a lower cost.

Our smart contract enabled insurance platform can be used for insuring the household, personal liability, legal expenses, travel and many more. Smaller claims and deductibles will be settled by peers in the group while t he l arge c laims a re s till covered by t raditional i nsurers, with whom t he f irm partners i n f uture. Our team already successfully built the first Italian peer to peer insurance[27][28] company backed by AIG[29] insurance products, an American multinational insurance corporation with operations in more than 80 countries and jurisdictions. Our team's experience will be leveraged to build this innovative product on a blockchain.



27 Wikipedia: P eer to peer I nsurance 28 Darwinsurance 29 AIG



Copyright 2017 @ Cashaa L imited



6. Key M ilestones a ccomplished



Below are key m ilestones accomplished b y C ashaa t ill d ate:



April 2 016 June 2 016 Sep 2 016 Oct 2 016

Dec 2016 Jan 2 017 Feb 2017 March 2 017 May 2017 June 2017 August 2017

Sept 2017

Oct 2017



Developed M VP BTC2BID, a  P2P Concept for Bitcoin Exchange

                                Cashaa L imited f ounded in London, UK 3000+ t raders joined i n the f irst 9 0 d ays

Presented t he f irst public d emo at G oogle Campus, W arsaw

   Partnered w ith Coinfirm, t o integrate  a  s trong compliance & AML solution. Selected a t L evel 39 T echnology A ccelerator in London, Europe's L argest Fintech Accelerator

Selected f or T ech C runch Disrupt, L ondon

Invited by B lockchain M oney, B lockchain W eek, B lockchain E xpo, Esummit -  IIT M umbai a nd many events and conferences

Beta Launch i n U.K, Nigeria, I ndia & I ndonesia

Became a T op 1 00 M ost I nfluential Blockchain C ompany i n the World

Invited at Keynote i n B russels f or E U P arliament event, Data C loud Congress, M onaco

Developed &  t ested  the m ost c ost efficient system for Bank T ransfer settlement b etween U K & India

Extensively t ested f or s ecurity &  usability o f t he p latform, a long w ith growing beta a doption of 1 2770 registered u sers f rom 1 41 c ountries

powered $ 10 Million worth of c ryptocurrency e xchange

Team size grew from 2  to 2 5 in o ne y ear w ith top people f rom Belgian Central B ank, MIT, IIT, Q uatrro, F irst National B ank, R and M erchant Bank, Microsoft, SAP, W orld Bank, World Economic F orum, Qualcomm and many m ore

Formation of h olding company i n E stonia & conclusion of legal p reparation for t oken d istribution



Copyright 2 017 @ Cashaa Limited



7. P ublic Appreciation

TechInAsia, 2 5 Sep 2 017: "C ashaa h as a  p roven product f or remittances or money transfers a nd d igital w allet"

CoinTelegraph, 2 1 S ep 2 017: " C ashaa cards b ased solution i n I ndia to facilitate the use of cryptocurrencies i n a  f ully r egulated way"

Investing C hannel, 2 1 July 2 017: " In C ashaa, the B itcoin part is completely i n the background, enabling any sender to b enefit from B itcoin in the e asiest w ay without having t o know about it." Let`s Talk P ayments, 9  June 2 017: "Cashaa s erves both the banked and unbanked masses and g ives the poorest t he opportunity to e qually b enefit f rom the a dvantages that b itcoin brings, w ithout t hem h aving to know a bout what i t is." Coindesk, 22 A pril 2017: " There are a  f ew f eatures that s tand o ut w ith C ashaa, being able t o p rocess the whole payment c hain." Irish Tech N ews, 9  A pril 2017: "Cashaa is a  u nique idea to l everage t he untapped p otential o f bringing t ogether i ndustry i n a  way t hat creates a win-win m odel for e veryone." BitcoinChaser, 2 2 March 2017: "Cashaa i s giving c ryptocurrency t rading a new purpose with m ore b enefits."

Richtopia, 1 3 March 2017: "Cashaa ranked a moung t he T op 100 Most Influential Blockchain Companies." Bitconnect, 1 8 January 2 017: " Cashaa c an d isrupt LocalBitcoins and c ash exchanges a t t he s ame t ime".

Copyright 2 017 @ Cashaa L imited



NewsBtc, 15 January 2017: " A p eer-to-peer m arketplace designed t o facilitate the transfer of fiat currencies f rom s ender t o recipient in a  straightforward manner unlike many o ther b lockchain-based r emittance services in the recent years." Bitcoinist, 3 0 December 2 016: " Cashaa manages t o solve t his major problem using B itcoin's technological `backbone', t he b lockchain."

BtcManager, 1 3 October 2016: " Cashaa c apitalizes on the revolutionary p ower of blockchain t echnology t o fuel a new n ormal in t he cash transfer industry."

Nasdaq, 13 October 2 016: "Cashaa a lleviates s everal of the challenges that Bitcoin r emittance companies h ave b een facing i n A frica." Bitcoin Magazine, 1 3 O ctober 2016: " Cashaa's a dvantage in the space lies in the c ompany's b usiness model w hile t he d igital c urrency a spect of t he transaction happens i n the background." CoinTelegraph, 1 8 S eptember 2016: "Africa will g et the m aximum advantage through Cashaa's system u ltimately saving o rdinary p eople b illions o f d ollars, which a re currently lost in f ees."

Wprost, 2 5 August 2016: " C ashaa is a r evolutionary s ystem a nd uses a v ery good fully peer-to-peer mechanism in w hich b anks and credit card c ompanies are n ot i nvolved, while s aving a g reat deal o f money."

Bitcoin.com, 8 A ugust 2016: " It's a s simple as opening a new G mail a ccount for instance. M oney s enders a re n ot r equired t o know anything a bout wallets, bitcoin, the blockchain, or o ther cryptocurrencies." CoinTelegraph, 12 July 2016: "A c ompletely p eer t o p eer c ompany, w here peer i s coming from two unique businesses."

Copyright 2017 @  Cashaa L imited



8. F uture Roadmap and Business G rowth Model



Q4 2 017



1. Getting P ayments License in UK and I ndia 2. Distribution of CAS T okens 3. Listing on major cryptocurrency e xchanges



Q1 2 018



1. Partnering with Asian and A frican b anks f or remittance s olution 2. Launch o f C ashaa multi c urrency crypto exchange i n I ndia 3. Addition of 1 0+ l egitimate and valuable cryptocurrencies  on p eer t o p eer t rading platform



Q2 2018



1. Electronic M oney Institution i n E urope to issue I BAN (limited b ank account feature) to E uropean users

2. Launch o f Cashaa c ards in E urope 3. Integration w ith AuxLedger



Q3 2 018



1. Launch o f C ashaa cards i n I ndia 2. Establishing l ocal p ayout l ocations i n India, Philippines, Indonesia, South Africa & Nigeria 3. Addition of 1 0+ legitimate a nd valuable c ryptocurrencies  on p eer t o peer trading platform



Q4 2018



1. License w ill be o btained to offer l ending solution 2. Implementation of Agrello AI b ased smart c ontract s olution 3. Addition o f 1 0+ legitimate and valuable cryptocurrencies  o n p eer t o p eer t rading platform



2019



1. Addition o f P2P insurance p roducts 2. Start of l icensing p rocess in United States 3. Addition of legitimate and valuable cryptocurrencies in each q uarter 4. Expansion t o ROW



*This Roadmap may change in terms of priorities and timeline based on changing market conditions business opportunities and threats



Copyright 2017 @ C ashaa Limited



9. Go to Market S trategy

9.1 S trategic P artnerships

As a fast and strategic approach to reach the remote parts of Asia & Africa, partnerships are the key elements for the same. Several such partnerships are already under development and include the following s egments, namely,  Partnerships with banks operating in the corridors where Cashaa successfully completed its beta test to ensure a successful `last mile' delivery to local bank accounts, prepaid cards and other easy ways to cash out at a c onvenient location.  Partnerships with government agencies to circulate Cashaa cards. As an example, in India, Cashaa will use Auxesis Group for the AuxLedger which has 53 Million users resulting of a State Government partnership.  Partnering w ith agents running t raditional MTO networks f or W estern Union, M oneyGram o r R ia.  Partnerships with leading global telecom companies, providing immediate opportunities to start mobile banking p roducts.  Partnerships with E-Commerce platforms for payment providers to increase coin utility. For example, a recent partnership has been signed up with one of the largest restaurant & pub search company in the UK.  Partnering with crypto wallet providers to use their existing user base. Examples are branded Bitcoin w allets such as A irbitz, with whom C ashaa c oncluded a  p artnership.

9.2 Legal, Auditing a nd R egulatory P artnerships

The Cashaa team's extensive banking and payments experience helps us to know the nuts and bolts of internal process a nd l icense requirements:  Our team is already in negotiation with companies to acquire the e-money and banking licences to save m oney a nd t ime.  Partnerships with banks and financial institutions to leverage their licences to speed up our process to go live. For example, in UK, Africa, India & EU we are leveraging our relations to use different payments networks. In E urope t hrough our s trategic p artnerships we a re g oing to use t he M astercard n etwork.  Working closely with auditing firms to leverage the auditability, transparency and accountability of the C ashaa p latform to encourage i ts u se.

Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa L imited



10. Cashaa T okens and Token G eneration E vent

A Token generation event (TGE) will be conducted i.e. an event in which early adopters and enthusiasts make contributions to a  S mart Contract S ystem f or the development o f the Cashaa project30. Cashaa's token generation event is one of the few backed by a unique proven platform with a team that has more than 200 Years of Payments and Banking experience and successful entrepreneurs who built their companies from scratch which are now part of Fortune Top 15 companies. Cashaa's model has been established with beta testing performed since February 2017. The beta test completed with 12,770 registered users from 1 41 c ountries.

The distribution of CAS tokens in connection with a Token generation event (the "Cashaa Token generation event") to you as a user thereof, will be subject to and governed by T&Cs - which is a separate document setting out the terms and conditions of the agreement as between the distributor and you in relation to the Cashaa Token generation event . In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. The Distributor will be an affiliate of Cashaa, and all funds raised in connection with the Cashaa Token generation event will be deployed to fund Cashaa cryptocurrency project, businesses a nd operations. Unless the context requires otherwise, references to "we" or "us" in connection with the Cashaa Token generation event  shall be construed as r eferences to t he D istributor.

The Cashaa Token generation event  i s h ereby a nnounced t o start on: November 6 2017, 1 PM London Time 9 PM Singapore Time (UTC+8)/ 2PM Munich Time and 8AM New York Time a nd i s scheduled t ill the e nd o n 5 December.

Official W ebsite www.cashaa.com



30 What i s an I nitial C oin O ffering ( ICO)?



Copyright 2017 @ Cashaa Limited



10.1 Token Functionality

The CAS t oken i s a k ey c omponent of t he system that enables trading, l ending a nd gives access t o other upcoming services i n the CAS e cosystem. C AS s erves two m ain objectives: F irst, the token is the f uel o f a n internal mechanism o f the Cashaa ecosystem. S econd, i t i s part of t he governance c omponent o f t he C AS system. E ach Cashaa w allet i s i nitially equipped with a predefined amount of CAS and c annot be used without a minimum CAS b alance.

10.1.1 Benefits o f CAS token  Acquiring p remium services i n the C ashaa ecosystem (Membership)  Ability to trade c ryptocurrencies anywhere in world (Trading)  Lower t ransaction f ees f or t he $ 600 Billion r emittance i ndustry (Remittance)  Providing the credit s core f or l enders (Micro F inance)  Ability t o p articipate i n governing mechanism o f C AS usage ( Governance)  Secure P2P money transfers (Escrow)

10.1.2 A cquiring t okens  Token d istribution  Secondary markets  Rewards c ollection

10.1.3 S pending t okens

10.1.3.1 M embership

Proof of CAS  ownership will b e required t o a ccess C ashaa p remium services for:  Higher F X transfer (Spend, t ransfer and e xchange an unlimited a mount o f money a nywhere in the world at the interbank exchange r ate without fees.)  2X A TM allowance ( Double your f ree monthly A TM allowance with free Cashaa premium withdrawal of  400 per month)  Free t ransfer ( Free, f ast money t ransfers i n a vailable currencies to b anks globally w ith the r eal exchange r ate)  Express d elivery ( Card w ill be d elivered u sing e xpress shipping method f or faster delivery of the new cards or r eplacement c ards)  Free o verseas m edical i nsurance (Get t he best medical t reatment while a broad w ith expenses paid into your Cashaa account in c ase o f a ny mishappening, p rovided by t hird party partner i nsurance company)  Free 24/7 c ustomer support

Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa Limited



 Early adopter rewards a nd b eta a ccess

10.1.3.2 Microfinance &  C redit S core

CAS token holders will be able to access instant loans at low interest rates compared to non token holders, and will a lso b e able to give l oans. For the borrower, CAS ownership leads to improved loan conditions, rewarding users for taking a larger stake in the Cashaa system. CAS tokens can be both earned or bought, respectively improving the owner`s creditworthiness. For each loan paid back in time and fulfilling any specific conditions, borrowers are rewarded with CAS, the accumulation of which improves the credit score of low credit rated individuals and small businesses anywhere in t he world. Another way t o receive improved lending conditions i s via o ther u sers vouching w ith their o wn C AS tokens. In this case, following a fulfilment of all repayment criteria, both the borrower and the voucher are rewarded w ith C AS t okens. Finally, in addition to receiving paid interest rates, lenders can earn CAS tokens by providing loans as a reward for their risk. To facilitate lenders' decision making, each user`s credit score will be available online. In case any of the involved entities fails to fulfill their duties of the lending agreement, the provided CAS tokens are confiscated by the smart contract. Furthermore, users can sell or donate their CAS tokens to other users directly, t hereby improving the receiver`s credit score a nd losing t heir own.

10.1.3.3 T rading

Only traders with enough CAS can participate in the trading network and are entitled to create smart contracts for trading. In the existing Cashaa system when a money sender puts their request to transfer money, a seller a nd b uyer compete f or the local f iat in exchange of c ryptocurrencies. For example, a money sender puts a request on our platform to transfer 1000 from London to New Delhi. Based on the FX and proprietary algorithm Cashaa calculates the best possible rates and gives the users e.g. INR 84,000. Cashaa immediately splits the lead into two parts where all crypto traders in London get notified and see on the platform that they have an option to receive 1000 for X BTC. In the same way, buyers will see their option to buy Y BTC by paying INR 84,000. To accept the deal the seller has to put 100% of X BTC into a uniquely created escrow wallet, while the buyer has to put 10% of Y BTC into the escrow. The system generates two passcodes which are used by the money sender and seller in London & buyer and receiver in New Delhi to verify themselves respectively. In section 3 we presented the case how this system h elps t o create a win win s ituation for both p arties. Replacing the buyer escrow with CAS will allow multi cryptocurrency exchanges by removing the dependency on the crypto which the traders respectively decided to trade. Traders will be allowed to execute the smart contract which will hold the required CAS. As this mechanism will allow traders to buy and sell any cryptocurrency, it will boost the supply of cryptocurrencies in the countries where exchanges currently do not support them, and balance it with countries where they are in surplus. Balancing the entire ecosystem in this way can bring a systematic growth of cryptocurrency across the globe, e.g. Cashaa traders i n I ndia will b e able t o buy LTC, NEO, BAT etc i n I NR.

Copyright 2017 @ C ashaa Limited



10.1.4 Governance mechanism

1. Governing voting system is another objective of the CAS token. The governance mechanism is executed by stakeholders. Stakeholders are technological and business partners to Cashaa project, non profit organizations of the industry, advisors and some token holders. Stakeholders vote on how much of the c ompany r evenue will b e u sed t o b uy the tokens f rom the e xchange on a regular b ase. 2. CAS stakeholders can also vote on requests to update Cashaa token contracts which hold the vesting period of company tokens. Each user's voting depends on the proportion of owned CAS token compared to the available tokens in market. The company will present reasons and benefits of doing so at Bitcointalk or other media, and a smart contract based voting will be conducted to unlock the vesting period.

10.2 Token Summary



Project description

Ticker symbol Token background

Token Sale  d ate

CAS token p rice  T otal p ercentage o f all C AS

for t oken sale Hard C AP

Project S tatus

Escrow of c rypto F unds         Accepted currencies f or

tokens



The next g eneration banking p latform for the n ext b illion

CAS CAS is built as an EIP-20 (former E RC-20) token on t he

Ethereum B lockchain 6th November, 1 700 U TC until c ap is reached

$ 0.10 51 %

$ 3 2 M illion Beta t est completed s uccessfully. Upgrading f or the f inal live platform. Secured i n multi-signature escrow

ETH, B TC, U SD, G BP, E UR



Copyright 2017 @  Cashaa Limited



10.3 Token Sale and D istribution R oadmap

Announcement



13t h O ctober



 Know y our p articipants ( KYP)



Full KYC i ncluding t he identity and residency p roof



      Pre-Token S ale D ates



20th - 3 0th October



Price CAS



$ 0 .10



Pre-Token Sale



Up to 1 00% Bonus*



Cap: $ 2 0 M illion  USD



 Public Token S ale Date**



Bonus Tiers: Above $15K: 60% Above $75K: 80% Above $175K: 100%

   6th  November



Min Amount p er participant :  $ 15K Max A mount per p articipant:  $3 M



Tier 1 (24 hours)



40 %  B onus



Min Amount p er p articipant : $  3 0 Max A mount p er participant:  $3000



Tier 2 (next 3 D ays)



20 %  B onus



Min Amount $ 30 No M ax



Tier 3  (next 7 D ays)



10 % Bonus



Min A mount $ 3 0 No Max



Tier 4   (until t oken sale end)



5 %  Bonus



        M in Amount $ 3 0             No Max



   T oken d istribution   ( public sale)



Within 30 d ays from the end o f t oken sale. Managed b y T oken M arket



* All b onuses w ill b e locked until 5th M arch 2 018. ** Participants will acquire CAS tokens by sending accepted cryptocurrencies as per instructions given on our website ( h ttps://www.cashaa.com)  at the s tart o f t he token s ale.



Copyright 2017 @  Cashaa L imited



10.4 T oken D istribution

Cashaa Limited affiliates will issue a one-time total of 1 Billion CAS, which is distributed into three categories, u sing a n Ethereum b ased smart c ontract.



Category



Allocation



Description



Tokens to be



51%



released to t he



public for



acquisition



510,000,000 CAS to be acquired by the public during Cashaa's token s ale  ( both p re-token sale  and m ain t oken s ale ) . There i s a fundraising c ap of  $  32 Million U SD. At Cashaa, we consider it as a strong signal of trust if the community owns m ore than half o f the C AS tokens from the very b eginning.



Company



24%



Community



5%



240,000,000 CAS will be held in reserve by Cashaa in order to fund the future transactions and expand the liquidity pool required for future growth and expansion. The fund will be locked by the smart contract and will be governed by the CAS community based on the requirement.

50,000,000 CAS will be used for bounty programs and community initiatives to reward community members (developers, entrepreneurs strategists, etc) who will expand or leverage the Cashaa network to build products which makes users' lives easier and helps the mainstream adoption of blockchain t echnology.



Copyright 2 017 @ Cashaa L imited



 T eam &  A dvisors 20%



200,000,000 CAS will be distributed to Cashaa founders, employees and advisors as an incentive to ensure long-term alignment of interests a nd commitment to the project a nd its future value.



10.5 Token A vailability  &  V esting P eriod

Token G eneration: Tokens to be a llocated during t he I CO process

CAS A llocated : 5 10 M illion

Immediately a vailable a fter Token S ale *All the unallocated tokens a t t he end o f  fundraise w ill be sent to a predefined a ddress to b urn.

Team: Founders and Advisors reward for the development of the Cashaa network and their continued long term alignment of the project. In order to ensure the longevity of the project and protect the integrity of the Cashaa team, their tokens will be vested. Vesting ensures the founders' commitment to building the system in the long term. Founders and the Cashaa team will have access after the 3 years of vesting with a 12 months cliff, meaning that Cashaa team & company tokens will be locked in a smart contract, which would r elease t hem every 12 m onths proportionally during a  p eriod o f t hree y ears as p er detail below. CAS A llocated :  200 Million

50 M illion i mmediately a vailable after T oken Generation

50 Million l ocked b y smart contract f or 1 2 m onths

50 M illion locked by s mart c ontract for 24 m onths

50 Million l ocked by smart contract for 3 6 months

Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa Limited



Community Development & E ntrepreneurs I nitiatives: This part will be used for bounty programs and community initiatives to reward developers, entrepreneurs, strategists and community members who want to leverage the Cashaa network, licences to build products which m ake u sers` l ives e asier a nd help t he mainstream a doption of b lockchain t echnology. CAS Allocated : 50 M illion 15 Million I mmediately a vailable after Token G eneration 15 M illion locked by s mart contract f or 1 2 months 10 M illion locked b y s mart contract for 24 months 10 Million locked by s mart contract f or 36 m onths

Company R eserve: Held in reserve by Cashaa in order to fund the future transactions and expand liquidity pool required for future growth and expansion, s trategic p artnerships, m arket expansion and education. CAS Allocated : 2 40 M illion 60 M illion Immediately a vailable a fter Token G eneration 60 Million l ocked by smart contract f or 12 m onths 60 Million l ocked by smart c ontract for 24 months 60 Million locked b y s mart contract f or 36 months

Copyright 2 017 @ C ashaa L imited



10.6 Use o f P roceeds f rom Token d istribution

The proceeds of the token d istribution will b e mainly used u nder the five categories m entioned b elow:



Category

Legal & Licenses



        Chart 2: T oken distribution proceeds usage p ercentage Allocation Token d istribution proceed usage description



35%



Obtaining required commercial banking licenses is a strategic



move, which will give Cashaa the benefit of significant increases in



revenues from improved market share and forex transactions.



Post token distribution, Cashaa will evaluate applying for required



banking licenses across different geographies to create an even,



strong compliance and better user experience to gradually



integrate multiple currencies into the Cashaa platform. A focused



team will be set up to facilitate bank and regulatory authority



related d iscussions across d ifferent regions.



1) Cashaa will obtain the required license as an Authorised Payment I nstitution i n the UK a nd in India ( assuming $ 5 M s old)



2) Options to register as a Non-Banking Financial Company (NBFC) will be explored based on the requirements of the countries to



Copyright 2017 @ Cashaa Limited



Technology 25%



Operations 10%



Business



20%



Development



& M arketing



further improve efficiency and increase customer convenience (assuming $ 10 M s old) 3) While adding more services, further licenses in the UK, USA, India & South Africa will be applied for, including an E-Money license (assuming $15 M sold) and a Commercial Banking license in E urope ( assuming $ 20 M  sold) 4) Insurance product related clearance will start with insurance groups (assuming $ 25 M  sold) 5) All the sales above $ 25 M will be spent for loan funding in the platform as p er r egulatory a pproval 6) Additionally, Cashaa will open dialogues with regulators around the world and become a member of related industry associations. This will help us improve user confidence and integrate further services, r esulting in increased r evenue

Team will be ramped up with full stack developers and focused resources f or each required areas. This will lead to accelerated enhancement of the platform and support tools to scale up the operations cost-effectively and securely as we envisioned and roll out additional services over the coming q uarters.

Cashaa runs a lean, cost-effective start-up and will continue to do so in the future. Being in the blockchain ecosystem and adhering to the highest standards entails certain operational costs associated with accounting and administrative overheads to meet the r equirements f or a  g rowing international business.

Partnerships will be the critical factor for the success of Cashaa, enabling to build a strong footprint in new and existing growth markets. Hiring a Chief Strategist and Business Development Managers will lead our efforts and establish new corridors through valuable p artnerships. Cashaa will also conduct a referral campaign, email campaign and roadshows to refugees, migrants communities, community-driven target marketing in rural and unbanked regions in developed and developing countries. Promotion using Google Adwords, Facebook campaigns a nd o ther means o f p romotion.

Copyright 2 017 @ Cashaa L imited



Customer



10%



Support



Cashaa will expand its multi-channel customer support team to include 24/7 support in all local languages where Cashaa is operating. This will ensure high level customer experience and detailed guidance available on each process' steps for both money senders a nd traders.



10.7 T oken S upport

The Cashaa team is dedicated to support the participants during the token distribution process. Typically, funds will be deposited with an escrow until the user releases the funds to the receiver. For every offer made, a smart contract is automatically created. Users deposit tokens to the escrow as a guarantee for a successful transaction. If there is a dispute in the transaction, the user will not release the funds, and can start the process of resolving the dispute. One of the ways to resolve such disputes will be to contact the Cashaa Support Team a t T okensupport@cashaa.com.

10.8 Assurance &  Security

Blockchain technology enables a secure, smart-contract based escrow for all transactions, along with ensuring that everything is done so that no exploits exist within the code. TokenMarket, a Top ICO management platform, will manage the Token distribution and execution of smart contract to ensure the proper security of the tokens. The smart contracts written by Token Market will also be reviewed with external auditor  t o ensure best security f or our token s ale p articipants.

<End>



Copyright 2 017 @  Cashaa Limited



