Cash Poker Pro Poker Room White Paper

Cash Poker Pro Poker Room is a modern online platform built as a multilevel system of poker rooms which uses a decentralized platform for monitoring the operation of a pseudorandom number generator (PRNG) and a system for fast deposit and withdrawal of funds with blockchain-based authentication.

Table of Contents

History, Problems and Solutions

Today, the vast majority of traditional online casinos use the system in which users make deposits but cannot withdraw their money if they do not play. This infringes players' rights as they are not given full control of their funds. Players may have problem withdrawing their funds from the system due to various reasons. For example, they might not have played enough rounds in order to be given their money back, or they cannot prove that their deposit is legitimate, or they become accused of cheating, or the casino closes. And this situation is not accidental. Firstly, online casinos are subject to laws on money laundering. Such regulations are present in all jurisdictions and require that the operator (the traditional online casino) should make sure that money deposited by a user is not of illegal origin before transferring it to the user's account. Secondly, all online casinos use traditional means of payment such as electronic wallets and bank transfers, which are subject to the legislation of the countries where the processing centers are located. As a result, casinos charge fees for payment processing, currency conversion etc., and the amount of fees is usually quite big. The average fee for transferring money to the user's account is more than 8% of the amount of the deposit, and the average withdrawal fee is more than 2% thereof. In the beginning, users do not see the amount of fee they will have to pay for money withdrawal. This is a disadvantage for users, but casinos have to use this system because it gives them protection from losses. Thirdly, the system of deposits gives casinos a particular advantage as they effectively turn into banks/ credit companies and can use users' deposits for their own commercial purposes.

Thus, it is the user who suffers most under the existing system. However, online casinos suffer too as they have to deal with huge mistrust on the part of players.

In this situation, only big players who have huge financial and administrative assets can enjoy any benefits.

Also, one of the most significant problems is the fact that online systems use centralized random number generators which are susceptible to external influences. In other words, the owner of an online system can influence the gaming process and its results because they have access to the



server and the program code, which causes mistrust on the part of users. Users who make huge bets become particularly vulnerable in this situation.

Solution

We believe that the best solution to this problem is to use a decentralized platform for fast deposit and withdrawal of funds with blockchain-based authentication.

With the help of an anonymous cryptocurrency wallet, the user will be able to play poker online without making a deposit or waiting until a deposit or withdrawal operation is approved by the system. Everything will be done in one click!

As of today, there is no full-fledged pseudorandom number generator (PRNG) based on the blockchain technology and used in online casinos. There are several reasons for this. Firstly, the blockchain technology is all about open information which can be easily double-checked as it is simultaneously stored on all the computers in the blockchain network. Secondly, calculations in the blockchain system take a lot of time, so the mechanism cannot be used in games that require a fast and impartial PRNG. What player will wait for at least two or three minutes before the next card appears on the table? The same is relevant for slot games.

Our team has been closely following the development of technology in this area. We have conducted research and experiments and found a solution.

It is not a secret that the probability of poker hands can be computed (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Poker_probability), and the rarer the hand, the less frequently it will appear. Thus, even an ordinary pair has its frequency, and if there is unfair shuffling, it will influence the calculated probabilities.

Using the blockchain technology in our platform for poker rooms, we will make information about card dealings available to any user, which means that anyone will be able to check if cards are dealt randomly and there is no influence on the part of the casino.

The mission of our project is to give any person a chance to anonymously compete against other players on equal terms and to create our own online poker room based on the CPC Poker Room platform using a decentralized platform for monitoring card dealings and a system for fast deposit and withdrawal of funds with blockchain-based authentication.

The Mechanism of the System

The user buys a Cash Poker Pro poker room token (CASH) issued in our own blockchain based on the Ethereum code. CASH tokens will be available through internal exchange integrated into the digital wallet. BTC, ETH, WAVES and other cryptocurrencies, as well as USD, EUR and RUR can be used for purchasing CASH tokens. Any owner of CASH tokens will be able to use them to play against the casino or other players, having the opportunity to instantly withdraw the tokens from the system and exchange them for other types of cryptocurrencies and official national currencies of any country. Cash Poker Pro poker room will earn an average of 1 to 5% of deposit turnover on a commission. The earnings will be distributed among CASH token holders, net of operating expenses. Moreover, being a cryptocurrency, CASH tokens are an excellent investment tool because:



1. the amount of Cash Poker Pro poker room tokens is limited from the very beginning; 2. the CASH token is pegged to BTC, ETH, WAVES rates, which have been showing a

steady growth over the past years.

Provably fair random numbers are generated by a system of Ethereum contracts with a combination of input data from several sources to improve the entropic seed. The set of contracts in charge of this process receive a combination of all the seeds generated from a jury pool. The jury pools are computational models of the poker network. The seed combination is XORed with future Ethereum block hash in multiple steps, each with different sets of randomly incremental nonce values to generate a batch of random numbers for a shuffling step. It then returns the storage location of batch random numbers to the next contract it calls - the "shuffling and encrypted card permutation" set of contracts. That contract uses the return value of the random number batch contract to generate a sufficient number of encrypted decks. Each deck with a different permutation and each deck differentiated through the encryption and the unique one-time nonce per deck.

Also, when the Cash Poker Pro Poker Room platform is integrated with other online solutions, royalties will be paid for the use of the product.

About Us

Our team has already created several successful gambling products for online and offline use, such as Cash Poker Pro electronic poker tables, the Rush Bingo software system for placing online bets in roulette, the Golden Dragon online casino, lottery and bingo terminals, etc. More than 50 offline gambling halls in Russia and Kazakhstan successfully use our products. Our company (Tavaron Media) owns a registered trademark and other objects of intellectual property. We have participated in numerous exhibitions dedicated to the gambling and entertainment industry in Russia, Great Britain and the USA.

We understand that it is difficult to start a revolution in the online gambling industry. It is necessary to find a market niche in which our advantages will be in demand. Having carefully analyzed the history of online gambling and the distribution of the spheres of influence of famous manufacturers, we have found an unoccupied niche, which comes in the form of messengers. Messengers are becoming more and more popular among users just the way it happened with social networks some time ago. Every day the number of people using messengers is growing. People use them for communication, reading news, playing games, and also making purchases. The most popular messengers are multifunctional messengers with reliable data security. The primary objective of our project is to bring an online poker room for messengers (WhatsApp, Telegram, Facebook) to the market. In June 2017, Telegram announced the launch of its own payment system. This gives online game designers the opportunity to monetize their projects. This is an unoccupied niche, which gives start-ups like ours a chance to find customers among more than 100 million users.



Step 1. The creation of a multilevel system of online poker rooms based on the Cash Poker Pro platform using the blockchain technology for messengers. Any CASH token holder will be able to create their own online poker room and earn money with the help of the system.

Step 2. The creation of a decentralized system for monitoring the operation of a PRNG which will be used for dealing cards and in other products, such as roulette, slot games, card games (blackjack, baccarat, Russian poker, etc).

Step 3. The integration of the decentralized system for monitoring the operation of a PRNG into all the products in our product portfolio and the launch of a full-fledged version of the Cash Poker Pro Poker Room offering a variety of products.

Platform

Gambling with cryptocurrency is not unheard of. There are hundreds of Bitcoin casinos and gambling websites out there that offer a range of games for enthusiasts. These platforms allow their users to fund their accounts, place wagers and withdraw winnings in Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. The Cash Poker Pro platform is one of the few "true" blockchain-based poker room platforms that offers a complete end-to-end solution using distributed ledger and smart contracts. Cash Poker Pro Poker Room democratizes online gambling with its Ethereum blockchain-based poker room platform. The platform makes use of smart contracts to support the development of a fair and sustainable gaming and gambling industry, where everyone gets rewarded for their contribution. Cash Poker Pro ensures that the autonomous economic structure incorporated in the platform does not affect its usability by striking a delicate balance between both aspects.



Market and Industry



A review of the online gambling market



According to H2 Gambling Capital (www.h2gc.com), the global income from the proceeds of online gambling amounted to USD 44 billion in 2016. This income was distributed as follows:



Bingo Logical Poker Lottery Casino Betting



5% $2 5% $2.2 6% $2.75 9% $3.85 27% $11.8 49% $21.4



The profitability of the online gambling market has been showing a steady growth. H2 Gambling Capital specialists forecast that this market will grow up to USD 47.4 billion in 2017 and will exceed USD 60 billion by 2020, which means a 10% annual growth. The Tavaron Company already has such products as Bingo, Poker and Casino in its product portfolio. The share of such products in the global gaming industry will amount to 38% (USD 22.8 billion) by 2020.

Blockchain in Online Gambling

Cryptocurrencies are quickly taking over the online gambling market, turning into the most popular means of payment on gambling sites. Until recently, cryptocurrencies were accepted by only a few platforms, but today they are becoming ubiquitous. Many participants in the online gambling market believe that cryptocurrencies will continue to grow in popularity. Such rapid integration of this tool into payments systems is due to a lack of government control over this area. Other advantages include: - user anonymity; - no restrictions on the number and amount of transactions; - speed of payments; - a low minimum payment threshold and the absence of commissions. As a result, cryptocurrencies become the most reliable, transparent and advantageous means of payment for the online gambling industry. Soon, blockchain-based online casinos will become as customary as the Internet. The advent of the blockchain technology and Ethereum smart contracts has made it possible for us to create an online poker room that will belong to the community rather than a bunch of interested parties.



Profit Generation in Cash Poker Pro Poker Room

The primary source of income for any casino is commissions on card dealings, games and bets. The amount of these commissions and the method of charging vary depending on the game type and the rules established by the casino. For example, the commission fee in poker is 1 to 5% of each pot. If poker is played with blinds (SB = USD 1, BB = USD 2), an average stack of USD 100 and 35 hands played per hour, the income of only one poker table will be more than USD 10,000 per month. This commission, net of operating expenses, will also be distributed among token holders. In order to generate a profit of USD 1 million per month, 100 online poker tables and about 10,000 thousand active users will be needed, which is less than 1% of the audience of such messengers as Telegram and Facebook. By giving CASH token holders the opportunity to open their own online poker rooms within the Cash Poker Pro Poker Room platform and earn money, the income of the system can be increased by several fold. Moreover, royalties received from the integration of the Cash Poker Pro platform into other online systems will be distributed among CASH token holders.

Key partners

We are glad to announce that we made an agreement with Russian and CIS top 5 online /offline betting and gambling companies to integrate our online poker room to their platforms once its ready. Stavkabet  betting company (TOP 5 in Kazakhstan ) stavkabet.kz Leman  betting company (TOP 5 in Kazakhstan) lemanbet.biz Imperium- games  online betting and gambling More then 1million users all over the word imperium-bet.com Bingo Boom  lottery solutions (TOP-1 in Russia) bingo-boom.ru 1x-bet  betting company (TOP 5 in Russia) 1-x-bet.com FinBet betting company (TOP 5 in Kazakhstan) FinBet.kz Bastau  billiards and poker clubs (TOP 5 in Kazakhstan) Bastau.kz

It will attract over 2000000 new players all over Russia an CIS countries.

Roadmap

The analysis of the online poker room market started in 2014.

2015 We created Cash Poker Pro, a platform for offline solutions.

Q1 and Q2 of 2016 Marketing and advertising of the Cash Poker Pro platform.

Q3 and Q4 of 2016

The introduction of the Cash Poker Pro platform to the offline market (poker clubs, betting shops, poker schools). Marketing at exhibitions.

Q1 of 2017



The launch of an online platform for the implementation of the Cash Poker Pro poker room.

Q2 of 2017 The adaptation of the online platform for integration with messengers.

Q3 of 2017 The development of a decentralized platform for monitoring the operation of a PRNG and a system for fast deposit and withdrawal of funds with blockchain-based authentication. ICO preparations; an ICO presale; product marketing.

End of 2017 The release of the CPC Poker Room platform; ICO.

2018 Marketing and global popularization of the product among messenger users and other members of the Internet community.

Cash Poker Pro (CASH) Token Issue

Cash Poker Pro token issue is aimed at collecting funds for marketing and advertising the Cash Poker Pro poker room and developing our own Cash Poker Pro blockchain which will serve as a base for a decentralized payment system and a decentralized system for monitoring the operation of a PRNG.

In total, 100 million CASH tokens will be issued. 10 million CASH tokens will be reserved for the Cash Poker Pro Foundation. 10 million for early investors 12 million CPC tokens will be reserved for the team and partners.

There will be several stages of ICO:

Stage 1 ICO presale (26th of August 2017 at 18:00 UTC)

8 million CASH tokens will be sold during the presale stage (Cap = USD 400,000, 1 CASH = USD 0.05 (0,00017 ETH)). The funds raised during this stage will be used to make preparations for the public launch of the Cash Poker Pro project, develop a wallet, start mining, and make preparations for the ICO.

Stage 2 ICO (26th of October 2017 at 18:00 UTC)

60 million CASH tokens will be sold during the ICO.



After 18th of November 1CASH = $1 (0,0034 ETH).

The funds raised during this stage will be used to develop and launch the platform, market the product on a global scale, create a technical support department, pay for contextual advertising, and attract starts to promote the product.

Team

Our team has more than 10 years of experience in the gambling and entertainment industry. In addition, we have more than 5 years of experience in the field of online products. Our talented team includes professionals from the fields of programming, marketing, advertising, and law.

Danila Prozorov (CEO)  serial entrepreneur since 2000, founder of trade marks 3 mobile accessories (mobile accessories TOP 5 in Russia) , ArmadA (ATV and scooters). Yaroslav Dementev (COO)  serial entrepreneur since 2000, management of international projects for increasing company profitability. Kir Lyznikov  (CMO) - Serial entrepreneur since 2003 with experience in marketing, finance and management. Managing Partner and Marketing Director at several international entertainment projects (Russia, UAE, Mauritius). CEO at Dodo Entertainment. https://www.dodoquest.com Natalia Deksbakh (Marketing manager)  Professional photographer and marketing expert. Winner of several international photo contests. Participant in international photo exhibitions. CEO at Deksbakh Collection, Deksa. http://www.ndfoto.ru Elena Bogdanova (Lawyer) - More than 17 years of experience in legal matters. Senior Legal Counsel and Compliance Manager at GROHE.



Provider of legal services for Russian subsidiaries of foreign companies (Wella, Peugeot, Knauf Insulation). Maxim Ustinuk (lawyer) - Experience in legal matters since 1999. Deputy Chairman at Zaschita Moscow Bar Association. Roman Dobrik (UX/UI Designer) Tolya Yanot ( CTO) - CTO Cash Poker Pro electronic poker tables, CTO live-casino Golden Dragon, worked on mobile app Word Poker Club (#1 in East Europe), built some social games with millions of players. Dmitry Polovalkin (Protocol Architect)  hardcore backend developer. High performance backend solutions for online games. Cryptographic Engineer. Smart contract developer. Worked on projects: Overkings (browser MMO RPG) https://www.overkings.ru , Candy Adventure (mobile casual game) https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/kikoriki-candyadventure/id1088300498?mt=8 ,Honestwar (browser RTS game) https://vk.com/app4988580 , live  Golden Dragon, CryptoSlots. Alexander Shniperson  Senior Backend and Frontend Developer

Terms and Conditions

This document is for informational purposes only and should not be considered as an offer to sell shares or securities using the Cash Poker Pro platform or any other affiliated company.

CASH tokens do not grant the right of control

Owning CASH tokens does not give their holder the right of ownership or the right to property in the Cash Poker Pro platform. While the community's opinion and feedback can be taken into account, CASH tokens do not give their holders any right to participate in decision making concerning the development of Cash Poker Pro Poker Room. CASH tokens can be used to play poker online in Cash Poker Pro Poker Room.

No guarantee of income or profit

All the examples of income and profits calculation used in this document are given for demonstrative purposes only or for showing industry averages and do not constitute a guarantee that these results will be obtained according to the marketing plan.

Regulatory uncertainty

Blockchain-related technologies are subject to supervision and control by different regulatory bodies around the world. CASH tokens may fall under one or more inquiries or actions on their part, including but not limited to imposing restrictions on the use or possession of digital tokens such as CASH tokens, which may slow or limit the functionality of the system or the process of purchasing CASH tokens in the future.

CASH tokens are neither an investment nor a surrogate currency

CASH tokens are not an official or legally binding investment of any kind. Due to unforeseen circumstances, the objectives set forth in this document may be amended. Despite the fact that we intend to reach all the goals described in this document, all persons and parties involved in the purchase of CASH tokens do so at their own risk.



Quantum computers

Technical innovations, such as the development of quantum computers, may pose a danger to cryptocurrencies, including CASH tokens.

Insufficient use

Despite the fact that CASH tokens should not be considered as an investment, they can gain in value in the course of time. They may also fall in value if they are not actively used in the Cash Poker Pro system.

Risk of loss of funds

Funds collected during the ICO procedure are not insured. In the event of loss or loss of value, there is no private or public insurance representative whom the buyer could address.

Risk of Failure

It is possible that for various reasons, including but not limited to the failure of business arrangements or marketing strategies, that Cash Poker Pro Poker Room and all subsequent activities related to the development of the project may be unsuccessful.

Risk of using new technologies

Crypto tokens, such as CASH, are a fairly new and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks mentioned in this document, there are additional risks that the Cash Poker Pro Poker Room team cannot predict. These risks may emerge in other forms rather than those indicated here.

Integration

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. All previous agreements, discussions, presentations, warranties, and conditions are combined in this document. There are no warranties, conditions or agreements, express or implied, between the parties, except as expressly provided in this Agreement. This Agreement may be amended only by a written document duly executed by the parties.

Disclaimer of Warranties

You agree that your use or inability to use CASH tokens is solely at your own risk and you remove all responsibility from Cash Poker Pro Poker Room. Since the date of issue, CASH tokens will be sent to you without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including all implied warranties of commercial value for a particular purpose without violating anyone's intellectual property rights. As some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, the above exclusion of implied warranties may not apply to you. After purchase, tokens CASH will send to you via smart contract. You need to make safety for your crypto wallet and accept terms from the page: https://cashpokerpro.io/token And from the file: https://cashpokerpro.io/res/CASH_token_distribution.pdf

Cash Poker Pro Architecture



