INTRODUCTION

To attain Satoshi's original vision, Bitcoin requires an important mass of users - yet, in spite of the substantial traction gotten by Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, it is evident that there still is a high level of complexity which makes it difficult for users and companies to quickly explore and integrate making use of crypto innovation. The general sentiment is that Bitcoin and other Altcoins are insecure, and susceptible to risk - making their use and acceptance as an approach to payment in daily life unattractive.

Though numerous brand-new blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies have actually emerged over the previous few years, none has yet accomplished the development success needed for mainstream adoption -primarily due to unfavorable promotion, bubble speculations, rip-offs, and complex user-interfaces. Hacking and other cyber attacks on crypto exchanges have actually added to the general uncertainty which accompanies this brand-new technology.

In a lot of cases, merchants and Service Providers contradict cryptocurrency payments due to the fact that of the unforeseeable exposure to run the risk of posed by exchange losses, price volatility, and regulative issues. This unpredictability, integrated with a lack of management, marketing, and financial skills, prevents designers and community members from scaling numerous desirable features or services to a global phase.

While crypto certainly has the prospect to rise as a global payment approach, it remains the victim of speculation. The volatility sets off by traders seeking to make a quick dollar places it beyond the reach of a lot of mainstream users, who require that their currency hold the same value tomorrow as it does today. A steady cryptocurrency would allow both everyday users and merchants to gain from all the advantages of blockchain technology while decreasing the danger of loss caused by unforeseen fluctuations in value.

In real life, individuals interact with others by purchasing and offering the items that they need. Searching and searching for items prevail daily activities for a lot of users. Chrysos offers a platform that integrates market where neighborhood members, businesses, and users can connect, exchange currencies after lending out for some specific periods of time.



PROBLEMS IN THE MARKET

The number of digital currencies keeps increasing on a daily basis. For investors with little knowledge of these currencies, choosing the currency to invest in becomes hard and complicated. Mostly, only a few currencies will be chosen such as Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dash, and Litecoin. However, there are hundreds of other currencies that are also a good investment that can bring good returns, and have little likelihood of collapsing. With little information, investors use a lot of funds and gain little from some of the assets in the market.

These are highly known currencies have a very high valuation, which increases daily. Therefore, their demand is very high. Nonetheless, the changes to the valuation cannot be highly controlled, and investors want to gain the best value. Therefore, the need to invest in more assets and stand a chance of gaining more returns arises. Moreover, there is little information available to the public about the cryptocurrency market index, which can be used to make investment decisions and also to track the market movements.

ABOUT "INVESTING" IN ICOS

It is common to hear stories of people buying tokens in ICOs, then having them jump in value, cashing out and making a lot of money. However, this is risky and is essentially speculative gambling. In general, ICOs are not regulated by government organizations, and there are usually no investor protections.

Our plan for this crowd sale ICO is to be different, in that we are hopefully launching a token that people will buy because it holds value to them and they actually want to use it, rather than just trade it at the soonest chance they get. We are not selling a company share, equity or security. This is a token which has a real-world application, but you can choose to resell in the future should you wish. It's an important distinction.



INTRODUCING CHRYSOS

Chrysos is a highly secure peer to peer decentralized cryptocurrency using the Scrypt PoW/POS (Hybrid) Algorithm with a self-regulated financial system which allows users to earn Chrysos through Mining, Staking and by buying with Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum And Bitcoincash during the pre-sale phase and then via BTC only once the main investment portal is live. A sophisticated method of difficulty that re-targets every block. This currency is like the Dollar, but it is only available in the digital world. The concept may sound like Bitcoin and is actually not much different from bitcoin. A total of 38 million Chrysos coins will be minted. This is done via natural supply and demand and through general market fluctuations the price will rise and fall accordingly, but obviously, the more the demand, the more the coin will rise in price, giving all those holding Chrysos an incentive to Stake from their wallets 120% per year on average.

Chrysos offers a lending program and referral program which pays the lender a daily dividend on their investments and the user will receive their initial investment back at the end of the loan period.

Chrysos gambling on-chain project will be launched for people using Chrysos coin to play and purchase with a verifiable track-record, low execution cost, and their favorite choice of games.

MINING OF CHRYSOS

Without going into too many details, we need consensus because anyone can create a block; while we only want a unique chain, so we want a way to decide which block we should trust.

Mining is a process of validating a transaction or block in a network by the process of complex algorithms to prove and validate the correctness of the transaction and thereby add the new block to the chain. You would have heard this term "mining" and "miners" more in bitcoin than altcoins. What does it take to be a miner and do mining.

You need to have high power-processor-based computers running continuously with the complex mining algorithms.



When a transaction happens in Chrysos coin, the more the computing power, the more the computers you have, you may get to validate the transaction faster than other miners in the network and hence may earn a fraction of a Chrysos coin as a reward. Chrysos uses the Script Proof-of-Work (PoW) algorithm along with Proof-of-Stake (PoS) for network security.

PROOF OF WORK (POW)

Proof of Work (PoW) as the name states is the validation of the work that happened and proving it is correct. Chrysos coin follow this way of consensus to make sure the authenticity of the chain is good.

To understand how it works in simple terms, assume that you are in a math exam along with other students in a classroom. The student who can, not only come up with the correct answer but, also can come up with the complete proof (steps in math terms) of arriving at the correct answer first gets the reward. As we know this needs the student with a lot of brain power which naturally consumes a lot of energy from the body.

Now mapping it to the cryptocurrency world, "math exam" refers to the "transaction", the "classroom" refers to the "world", "Student" refers to the "computing hardware/computer" that runs the complex algorithms, "brain power" refers to the "computing power" and the "lot of energy" refers to the "lot of electric power".

PROOF OF STAKE (POS)

Proof of Stake (PoS) is an alternate way of verifying and validating the transaction or block. This will pick the Validator (Equivalent of "miner" in the PoW) by the amount of stake (coins) a validator has and the respective age of the stake. If you have 100,000 alt coins (let us say Nxt coin which uses PoS) in a wallet, it will have an age attached to it on how long you have it. Here the 100,000 Nxt coins are the stake. If you move your coins from one address (or wallet) to another, the aging gets reset. This amount is like the security deposit which means the Validator holds a significant stake in Nxt coin with good aging is more committed and combined with many other factors, will get a higher chance to validate a block. This allows building a trusted and distributed network with loyal Validators (high stake of coins). The Validators earn the part or whole of the transaction fee. In PoS, it is not "mining" but "forging" which is done by the Validator who will process and forge a block to the chain.



This eliminates the below challenges and believed to have an advantage.



No need for expensive hardware (a normal laptop or computer running Chrysos coin's Validator client will do as long as your laptop or computer is online).



Energy efficient as it won't consume high electricity.



More loyal Validators ...As higher the stake, the Validators have for a long time, more chances for the Validator to be picked up for "forging" and earn the transaction fee.



Faster validations.



In PoS, each validator owns some stake in the network, CHR in the case of Chrysos, which they bond. Bonding stake means you deposit some money into the network, and in some sense, use it as a collateral to vouch for a block. In PoW you know a chain is valid because lots of work is behind it, while in PoS you trust the chain with the highest collateral.



The infographic below explains the working concept of our mining technology



Chrysos can be mined with Scrypt ASIC machines just like Bitcoin or you can simply keep your wallet open to stake your CHR COINS using standard CPU on PCs. If users choose to mine, it will be a flat reward of as per block rewards. Mining pools will added to the official ANN thread on the www.bitcointalk.org website.



CHRYSOS LENDING PROGRAM



Chrysos is coming up wih pure lending program. To invest in chrysos lending program investors have to invest chr coins in equivalent to usd. If they don't have chr coins then they need to buy them from exchange or they can get chr coins from our internal exchange by deposit btc or eth. We are giving monthly profit on investment based on investors' investment amount. You can check investment slabs and monthly profit in below table.



Investment Slab 100 - 999 1000 - 4999 5000 - 9999 10000 - 99999 100000+



1.5% Daily 1.5% + 0.15% Daily Bonus 1.5% + 0.20% Daily Bonus 1.5% + 0.25% Daily Bonus 1.5% + 0.35% Daily Bonus



Holding Time (Days) 210 180 120 90 60



Majority of your invested fund will kept in cold wallets for high security reasons there will be multi signature wallets for large withdrawals.

Chrysos lending program is pure lending program rather than other lending programs in current market. In traditional lending program investors' have to invest in cryptocurrency in value of usd and they will get their investment back in cryptocurrency but also in value of usd. Mean if you invested $100 of cryptocurrency when rate is $1 and you will get $100 of cryptocurrency rather rate of cryptocurrency is higher when you invested. But with chrysos you will have to invest in CHR coin in value of USD and you will get exact amount of CHR coins at maturity. For example you invested $100 of CHR coins when rate of chr coin is $1, that means you invested 100 coins for $100. At time of maturity you will get 100 coins back in your wallet. This is called pure lending. Yes at time of maturity if your chr coin price is $10 then you will get $1000 equivalent of coins in your wallet. That means you will get your 100% assets back at time of maturity.

we are coming with two options in our lending program. You invest of simple ROI or compound roi options. In simple roi option investors will get daily roi in their usd wallet. They can re-invest if they want. But re-investment will be counted as new investment and it there will be new holding period for that investment. In compound roi option investors' daily roi will be automatically re-invested and added in principle investment daily. That means investors don't have to re-invest manually and also holding time will be remain same for that investment. At time of maturity investor will get high return in term of compound roi.

LIMITED NUMBER OF COINS

Chrysos coin supply will only have 38 million coins worldwide, this resembles an economic system based on deflation and with increasing supply coin, Chrysos coin prices tend to rise, when demand is high and the number of coins that remain is not increased.

HOW WE ARE DIFFERENT

In the world of cryptocurrencies, Bitcoin and Chrysos coin are not much different, the difference is the opportunity as well as price. To have one Bitcoin, you have to get ready for more than $17000. You have a better opportunity of acquiring Chrysos coins because the price is still very cheap and you have a chance for the price of the ICO which is certainly something you can't get in bitcoin before.



DECENTRALIZATION

A lot of people know blockchain as an innovative technology introduced together with its first use case  Bitcoin, a decentralized peer-to-peer cryptocurrency. However, blockchain technology has since also been used for business and organizational purposes, either with a cryptocurrency of its own as a public blockchain or without one as a private blockchain. While aspects of the technology are seen as something that could be useful for such purposes, there are some concerns as to why a business would want decentralization at all, leading some too, incorrectly, dismiss blockchain technology as a hyped-up trend and nothing more.

Below are a few business benefits attributed to decentralization with blockchain:

Security:

Since records are distributed across multiple areas and are updated as each block is created, there is always a high level of availability of the data. So, even if a large number of nodes fail or are shut down by an attack, the data is still available for people to access. In addition, since the system is regularly updated with the latest block, accessing any of the active nodes means acquiring the latest data, even in the event of a DDoS attack  a highly-desirable trait for network security.

Distributed Processing:

In addition to being able to access the latest block from an active node, the system can also continue to process additional data and add more blocks into the blockchain. So, not only is the data accessible, the system can continue operating as long as there are active nodes in the system. Thus, if an attacker wants to shut down the system to halt processing, they would need to shut down every node on the blockchain, making it even more restrictive to achieve.

Partnerships and Consortiums:

While partnerships and consortiums are usually created with the best intentions and with all of the necessary legal agreements in an attempt to protect all parties involved, there still lingers the concern of trust, especially in cases when the parties involved are in competition in other areas. Because of the decentralized nature of blockchain, the issue is significantly mitigated as trust is not needed in terms of processing data as well as storing it. Verifying that one has the same information that another party has is relatively easy to do without the need for additional trust among the parties involved.



These are just a few of the benefits businesses can have when using blockchain technology due to its decentralized structure. With the increasing number of businesses looking into solutions that blockchain can provide, we're sure to find even more benefits of decentralization in the near future.

The original Scrypt algorithm was created by Colin Percival, for an online backup service called Tarsnap. The technical definition of the Scrypt algorithm is that it's a `password-based key derivation function', which means that it derives a secret key from a password.

Percival deliberately designed the algorithm to be computationally intensive to perform, requiring a large amount of memory to perform. The purpose of this was to make brute force attacks more expensive to perform. The idea behind this is that a person who knows their password would be required to pay the computational cost of performing the mathematical operation once, which would be negligible, but a person trying to guess someone's password would have to pay the computational cost many times, significantly adding to the cost and difficulty for the attacker.

SECURITY OF CHRYSOS

Blockchain, the distributed ledger technology underlying Chrysos coin, may prove to be far more valuable than the currency it supports. But it's only as valuable as it is secure. As we begin to put distributed ledger technology into practice, it's important to make sure that the initial conditions we're setting up aren't setting us up for security issues later on.

To understand the inherent security risks in blockchain technology, it's important to understand the difference between public and private blockchains.

Chrysos coin relies on a public blockchain, a system of recording transactions that allows anyone to read or write transactions. Anyone can aggregate and publish those transactions, provided they can show that a sufficient amount of effort went into doing so, which they can demonstrate by solving a difficult cryptographic puzzle. The process by which a network of nodes confirms the record of previously verified transactions, and by which it verifies new transactions, is known as a consensus protocol. In the Chrysos coin system, because no user is implicitly trusted to verify transactions, all users follow an algorithm that verifies transactions by committing software and hardware resources to solving a problem by brute force



(i.e., by solving the cryptographic puzzle). The user who reaches the solution first is rewarded, and each new solution, along with the transactions that were used to verify it, forms the basis for the next problem to be solved.

This decentralization and relative freedom of access has led to some unexpected consequences: Because anyone can read and write transactions, Chrysos coin transactions have fuelled black market trading. Because the consensus protocol is energy consuming, the majority of users operate in countries with cheap electricity, leading to network centralization and the possibility of collusion, and making the network vulnerable to changes in policy on electricity subsidies. Both of these trends have led to an increased interest in private blockchains, which could ultimately give businesses a greater degree of control.

Primarily used in financial contexts, private blockchains give their operators control over who can read the ledger of verified transactions, who can submit transactions, and who can verify them. The applications for private blockchains include a variety of markets in which multiple parties wish to participate simultaneously but do not fully trust one another. For example, private blockchain systems supporting land and physical asset registries, commodities trading, and private equity distribution are all being tested. As these systems develop and evolve, they, too, may encounter unexpected consequences, some of which will have repercussions for the security of the system and the assets it manages or stores. As in software and product development, considering security at an early stage alleviates the difficulty of making fundamental changes to a product to address a security flaw later on.

SCRYPT ALGORITHM

A modified version of the original Script was used as a Proof of Work cryptocurrency mining algorithm by Litecoin in 2011. This implementation was accomplished as a direct response to the increasing dominance of ASIC computers in Chrysos coin mining. Chrysos coin mining ASICs were designed specifically to perform the SHA-256 calculations required, and are able to comprehensively out-compete general purpose personal computers. This led to a dramatic centralization of Chrysos coin mining with many players priced out of the market, along with an increased barrier to entry for new miners.



Litecoin aimed to make Cryptocurrency mining more accessible and more decentralized by being `ASIC-resistant'. Because Script is `memory hard', meaning it has high memory requirements, it is more suited to a general-purpose processor and for this reason, it was chosen for use by Litecoin.

Scrypt mining can be performed on a personal computer's CPU but can be performed even more effectively on a Graphics Processing Unit or GPU. As a result of this much of the early Scrypt mining was performed using graphics cards designed for gaming computers. Today, ASICs are available for Scrypt mining. Since 2011 many other altcoins have adopted and adapted the Scrypt algorithm for both in Proof of Work and Proof of Stake systems.

PRIVACY AND SECURITY

When privacy is mentioned in association with cryptocurrencies, the chances are that anonymity is meant instead. The sending of coins from one wallet to another via the blockchain is considered "Private" because your personal information is not sent during this transaction. However, the fact that a transaction has been made makes the transaction itself "Public" but without any identifying details. Due to the transparency needed for most cryptocurrency blockchains, information on all transactions within it--traceable to its origin-- is publicly available online. Another point worth mentioning is many HYIP sites will conduct their "Exit Strategy" by claiming they have been hacked. We have spent many thousands of dollars ensuring the integrity of our site and have hired external trusted parties to attempt to attack it or find vulnerabilities and we are proud to say our site is as safe as it can possibly be. We will also operate with hot and cold wallets to ensure the majority of the investors' money is insecure multi-sig cold wallets should an attack ever takes place. 2FA will be mandatory for our users.

We also respect user's privacy, the only identifying information we will receive from you will be your wallet addresses and email address, keep in mind that if you take part in the referral program, there may be other users who have access to your email address so it is advisable to use a separate or dedicated email address for not only this site but most Crypto sites.



Our site will store cookies and may record your IP as part of our anti-fraud procedures, but no other than the aforementioned no identifying information about you will be held by us, however, in saying that you need to ensure you have secured both your site password, your email address used to sign-up and your wallet should be encrypted and backed up, we take no responsibility for your failure to take standard security precautions when it comes to Crypto Currencies.

You can read further in our "Terms and Conditions" which will be mandatory to read prior to joining the site.

LENDING PROGRAM

Lending Program is Fluctuating depends on the work of our BOT which is funding your investment fund, this profit is given every day according to contract, when the contract expires then the investment fund will be returned in accordance with terms & conditions.

It is one very interesting concept for passive investors and is perfect for those who do not want to take a headache about investment returns We cannot promise how much profit we can give each month, but we're opening up this opportunity for our passive investors to get a similar opportunity when they do not have time to be active.

EARLY CONTRIBUTION

Each member has the opportunity to contribute early on taking the ICO opportunities we have prepared through our website and several Partner Exchangers CHR with the opening price of USD 14 and increasing Volume, use your earliest opportunity to have a coin at a very low price from us.

AFFILIATE PROGRAM

We prepare Affiliate Bonus to our diligent member in promotion to introduce Chrysos to the world. Affiliate bonus can be obtained by way of members must perform Lending at least once. In the affiliate program, for the next when there are members or investors who do lending through your Referral then you can get an affiliate bonus instantly.

Level 1 7% Level 2 3% Level 3 1%



TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

A total of 9.5 Million Chrysos coins will be made available to the public at heavily discounted prices for the pre-sale phase before chrysos shifts to its full lending program and the main website and exchange go live. These coins can be stacked immediately so you are earning Chrysos coins prior to us launching.

Future planned upgrades will include adding more Currencies like Doge and LTC to the main in-site exchange and the creation of mobile applications.

Our ICO will last for 30 days from the day of commencement and each token will be sold at $0.50 to $1.85 during ICO. Below is a distribution of how our tokens will be sold for the first 48 hours and every 5 days.



Pre - ICO Crowd Sale Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Phase 4 Phase 5 Phase 6



2000000 Tokens 1500000 Tokens 1000000 Tokens 1000000 Tokens 1000000 Tokens 1000000 Tokens 1000000 Tokens 1000000 Tokens



$0.50 $0.65 $0.85 $1.05 $1.25 $1.45 $1.65 $1.85



ABOUT CHRYSOS COIN

Coin NameChrysos AlgorithmScrypt TickerCHR Total Supply38 Million Pre - Mined9.5 Million Coin TypeHybrid (PoW+PoS) PoW Block Reward 50 CHR Block Spacing10 Minute PoS Intrest Yearly120% Minimum Stake Age 15 Days

TEAM CHRYSOS

We know we are going to take a hit here for this, but we believe it is still viable for us and our investors to do so.

We believe that the Adult Public has a right to conduct business without big brother's approval in the crypto world so we are not providing our identities to the General Public to avoid for any negative attention towards ourselves or our families.

Tax is other implication, we would fall under the jurisdiction of some of our developer's Countries as what could be deemed as "Business Owners", therefore we choose to exercise our right to privacy. It may take some cost to pre/post launch, then so be it, we would rather out of pocket than in Prison on charges of "Operating as a financial institution without a license" etc.

Another reason we are not providing our identities to the General Public, as true believers in crypto we believe that the Adult Public has a right to conduct business without big brother's approval so we do not want any negative attention towards ourselves or our families.

DEVELOPER TEAM

Our coin creation team has been in the business for many years. We have spent a considerable amount of our own time and money refining our site, both front and back end and our user interface to ensure we provide you with a working, easy to use a sustainable product that will be here for the long term. We are more than aware of the scams, the BS, and the likelihood of attempted attacks on our site. Our Dev team for Chrysos are professionals in the space and have been in the industry for many years, so we know how to overcome this and still provide a working product to our clients.



ROAD MAP



Mar 2018 : Projected Price 1 CHR = $42

Jan 2017 : Launch Of CHRYSOS Coin, Launch Of CHRYSOS Investment Portal, Opening Price 1 CHR = $14

Oct 2017 : Planning & Documentation of CHRYSOS Coin

Jun 2017 : Product Design & Feasiblity Study



08



07 06



Projected Price 1 CHR = $24



05



Dec 2017 : ICO Token Sale Event & MVP of Investment Portal



04



03



Aug 2017 : ICO Planning & Documentation



Investment Portal Planning &



D



ocumentation



02



01



Jan 2017 : Concept Planning & Market Research



CONCLUSION

Firstly, we would like to thank you for taking the time to read this semi-lengthy document about Chrysos (Unless you just skimmed through it to the payment amounts and we hope that you use this Whitepaper as a guide to make an informed decision on whether or not to invest in Chrysos.

As mentioned many times, we have specifically set our referrals and lending percentages to keep the coin and business model sustainable for the long run and for those who invest to have peace of mind that they are not going to wake up one morning and see that the site is down with a poorly worded message full of grammatical errors trying to explain why payments are suspended etc.

We want people to feel safe with our coin and we want to be here for the long term, which is why we have created a business model that will be self-sustaining yet profitable for you to own, stake and lend Chrysos.

And one final word that we would like to leave you with is, that if you are reading this in 2017, remember you are even now, in this day, still only a very small percentage of the population who "Get" Crypto, once it awakes to the masses, those of you who own Crypto now will be in a very good financial position in the next 5/10/20 years, compared to those who are yet to see the benefits of the Blockchain and Cryptocurrency and how it will soon be part of everyday life for Generations to come.

CONSIDERATIONS

The Investment is always risky, so you should read for all details and register directly on the website of Chrysos by yourself. Please do not believe in other people or ask someone else to invest for you to prevent muggers to deceive and impersonate Chrysos. All investors are required to register directly on Chrysos website and invest by their money only. Chrysos does not have the policy to be invested in other channels, apart from Chrysos website.



LEGAL DISCLAIMER

1. Prospective ICO Participants should inform themselves as to the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries of their citizenship, residence, domicile, and place of business with respect to the acquisition, holding or disposal of the Tokens, and any foreign exchange restrictions that may be relevant thereto. The distribution of this White Paper and the offer and sale of the Tokens in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. This White Paper does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy to any person for whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

2. Chrysos is not providing you legal, business, financial or tax

advice about any matter. You may not legally be able to participate in this private unregistered offering. You should consult with your own attorney, accountant and other advisors about these matters (including determining whether you may legally participate in this ICO). You should contact us with any questions about this ICO or the Tokens.

3. It is the responsibility of any persons wishing to acquire the

Tokens to inform themselves of and to observe all applicable laws and regulations of some relevant jurisdictions. Prospective ICO Participants should inform themselves as to the legal requirements and tax consequences within the countries of their citizenship, residence, domicile, and place of business with respect to the acquisition, holding or disposal of the Tokens, and any restrictions that may be relevant thereto.

4. This White Paper constitutes an offer of Tokens only in those

jurisdictions and to those persons where and to whom they lawfully may be offered for sale. This White Paper does not constitute an offer to subscribe for securities except to the extent permitted by the laws of each applicable jurisdiction.

5. Nothing in this White Paper is intended to create a contract

for investment into Chrysos, and each potential ICO Participant acknowledges that Chrysos will rely on this assertion of an ICO Participants statement with respect to compliance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the ICO Participant is legally domiciled.



THANK YOU



