WHITEPAPER | CLICKLE | TOKENSALE

SAVE YOUR REWARD FOR A GROWING PLATFORM



CONTENT

2 What is Clickle?                                                                         3 3 Application                                                                             5 4 Market                                                                                 7 5 Coming next / Upcoming                                                                9 6 Payment with cryptocurrencies                                                          10 7 Token sale                                                                             11 8 Competition                                                                           12 9 Technology                                                                            13 10 Closing words                                                                        13



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



2 | 13



We believe in a platform that allows all businesses and customers to meet, communicate and otherwise interact. We believe that time is precious and that people should spend theirs on life`s pleasures. Therefore organizing what they want to do should be much more swift and easy. Clickle is the platform that makes all of it possible. At this stage, Clickle already helps people organize their lives. In the future, millions of customers and businesses will interact via Clickle.

2. WHAT IS CLICKLE?

Clickle is a platform for businesses to provide a way for their customers to interact with them digitally in a way that acts like the business' own app. Furthermore, Clickle as a platform offers additional services that would be very dificult or impossible for a business to integrate into their proprietary app. For many small and medium-sized businesses (SMB) this is their irst opportunity to create appointments with their customers automatically, avoiding wait times for them (e.g. callbacks and delayed information), to give access to certain information or documents, accept orders in digital form and execute them. Every business in the world can offer a contemporary digital service directly to their customers. Clickle creates an additional beneit for the users: due to the central organization and the possibility to contact all businesses with one tool and its intelligent automatization, Clickle reduces the effort for customers enormously. Clickle becomes the ideal partner for daily life.

Clickle with its core features is already usable today. A payment system for cryptocurrencies and a reward system will be developed additionally after the token sale.

Clickle is a fully developed platform. Revenues from the token sales will mostly be spent on marketing affairs. Additional development based on the token sales are described in chapter 5.

2.1 TARGET AUDIENCE OF CLICKLE

Clickle targets all businesses and consumers and their need for communication, interaction, organization, management, and optimization.

End customers are e.g. consumers of service providers, clients of chancelleries, patients in a practice, visitors to museums or of cinemas and many more.

Businesses are e.g. classic service providers like restaurants, garages, cafs, cinemas, theatres and many more. Additional businesses are physicians practices, public authorities, cultural facilities, insurances, banks and other platforms and comparison providers.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



3 | 13



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



4 | 13



3 APPLICATION



3.1 BENEFIT FOR BUSINESSES AND CUSTOMERS



Clickle enables all businesses to establish a close relationship with their customers and implement essential service components directly in the app. For this reason, appointments are scheduled with one click, customer feedback is gained, structured damage reports for insurance companies are recorded within the app, bookings are executed and products are ordered.



Beneit for businesses  For the irst time, the possibility of providing comprehensive individual digital customer

interaction arises with Clickle.  Low usage fees replace extraneous development and maintenance costs and generate

more lexible entrepreneurial action.  Clickle is handled without extra technical know-how.  Building a customer relationship by continuous interaction between users and businesses in

both directions leads to strong long-term customer loyalty.  Clickle offers a broad reach through its huge user community of the Clickle app.  The "mobile generation" demands a contemporary mobile solution from businesses.

Clickle offers such a solution.  In addition to the reduction of the purely technical costs, the marketing effort for businesses

is reduced.  Within the Clickle app many processes are accomplished, e.g. order

processes or appointment scheduling.  Businesses can integrate Clickle into their existing systems, e.g. cash

register systems, administration tools, and CRM systems.



Beneit for end customer  End customers handle all their planning with one click in the _one_ Clickle app, e.g.



appointments, reservations or purchases.



 From now on there is no need to install many different apps, one for each business. End



customers save time and space on their phones, which are no longer bogged down with an app for each speciic business they interact with and have a simpliied overview.



 A high level of convenience arises for the user including fast and easy contacting and simpliied processes.

 Time is saved in a variety of areas: reachability of businesses, administration, and service



providers; daily organizing and response to email. Waiting time in the waiting room, on



hotlines, or at the snack bar can be eliminated completely.  An integrated ticketing system simpliies communication and organization for end



customers in every sphere of life.



 Clickle saves a great deal of effort by intelligent management. That means a logical check



for sequences, the avoidance of interferences, an automatic scheduling and arrange of



transportation. With Clickle there is even a smart-home-controller, that automatically knows



what to do for you.



...and many more beneits.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



5 | 13



3.2 TICKETING SYSTEM

The Clickle ticketing systems enable end customers to organize various appointments and orders easily on one platform and to have an overview of all their actions all the time. Various appointments and orders can be searched, requested and ixed very rapidly.

All selected appointments and orders are listed in the Clickle app for the customer and the current state of the appointment is presented:

 Orange: The provider of the product or service has not yet conirmed the request

 Green: The appointment is conirmed or production is in process

 Gray: The appointment already took place or the order is already processed

Some of the examples mentioned above are in the graphic below. These are extendible to any kind of order, maintenance, reservation and appointment requests.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



6 | 13



4 MARKET

Clickle is a digital platform. Online portals and digital platforms are the most important business model in the age of digitalization. This is also approved by the 20 most valuable companies in the world. Digital platforms and online portals are a substantial part of the digital transformation. Through them, countless businesses are able to offer their customers instant access to their products and services. The formula for success is very simple: platforms create multilateral markets and value-adding interaction between external producers and consumers. Todays digital economy is dominated by platforms. A major advantage of digital platforms is direct and indirect networking effects. In this way, they are superior to pipelines, the former value-added chains. Economists refer to platform systems with positive feedback due to the platforms' ability to generate high values and advantages for every participant. More precisely, every time new user registers, the usefulness of that platform increases for every other user that is already registered; known as the networking effect.

4.1 CLICKLE

Most businesses in the world do not have their own mobile solution/app despite the potential need, as shown in current studies. The main reason businesses do not have their own app is the enormous costs necessary to create a powerful app and backend system (on average 200,000  - 400,000  per system) and the lack of know-how to place a suitable order. Furthermore, they wouldn`t be used enough to be proitable as a single solution does not attract many users. In Germany alone, there are approximately 3.6 million businesses. 83% of these businesses consider digital user interaction via application important. The majority of these businesses do not own an appropriate solution. By now Clickle is instantaneously ready for use for 1.6 million businesses in Germany alone. The need for the markets in Europe as a whole and in North America today can only be imagined.

4.2 MARKETING STRATEGY

New capital shall primarily be used for marketing affairs. A focus of communication will be small businesses, which will pay low fees and increase the reach of Clickle rapidly / tremendously. Cooperation with other b2b-providers enables many companies to access Clickle at once.

Cooperation partners are for example producers of cash register systems and administration tools, such as those in a physicians practice, which can be linked to the Clickle functionality. All businesses mentioned above are able to use Clickle instantaneously. The preparations for this are already in progress. Little to no effort is required to integrate with Clickle.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



7 | 13



Simultaneously, the extensive marketing of the app to the end customers takes place. A strategic focus is set on inluencers, who shall test and raise attention to the app. The spreading of the application within the user group and usage of the solution in businesses shall take place at the same time. Thanks to the increase of end customers the solution becomes more attractive for more and more businesses. On the other hand, having many businesses in the application attracts more end customers. Further channels for distribution of the app are all kinds of social media channels, which will also be involved in a story-telling marketing strategy. End customers will report about the way Clickle helped them to schedule their everyday life. While the commercialization of the app focusses mainly on social media, the commercialization to businesses continues.

In addition to the approach to b2b-networks, other companies will be addressed by social media, especially SMBs. Advertisements in professional journals in relevant branches that can integrate the Clickle solution are another marketing strategy. Such branches include gastronomy, trading, administration, and practice management. Cooperations with agencies in the areas of marketing, advertisement and digital are pursued to add Clickle to their portfolios.

4.3 MARKETING POTENTIAL

Due to enormous cost advantages provided by Clickle to huge businesses, a rapid distribution is expected. One speciic potential customer is an insurance company, which already declared to join Clickle with many agencies. Cost savings result because of marginal usage of their own mobile solution. Such individual solutions are contrary to common consumer behavior. As soon as the irst branch of a large company uses Clickle, a chain reaction will start, which urges other market-dominating companies to react and follow.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



8 | 13



5 COMING NEXT / UPCOMING

One Click  AI in the Clickle Application

A planned development after Token Sale is the implementation of an AI-based connection of all services.

For example:

1. A planned development after Token Sale is the implementation of an AI-based connection of all services. For example:

2. A customer decides to visit a cinema. With one click he/she visits the cinema-site at Clickle and the app informs him/her about all movies currently being shown.

3. The customer buys the ticket for the chosen movie 4. Clickle offers to order the taxi to drive to the cinema  no extra visit to another website or

call is needed! 5. Clickle shows which Cafs and Restaurants are close to the cinema, for a visit after the movie

 no extra searching or call is needed. 6. When the customer is interested, a table will be reserved  the Restaurant/Caf knows the

time from Clickle, based on the cinema information. 7. The taxi for returning home will also be reserved by Clickle.

The end customer makes his/her one click in the Clickle app but gets more information  all information which is useful for the user. In this little example, it will be shown how much Clickle can simplify life for the end customer.

The booking procedure is tied to one complex central process within the Clickle app. Data is kept secure and will not be given to external sites, but processed internally to supply the user with further information and proposals based on their existing bookings e.g. if an end customer or a group of end customers wants to see a ilm at a cinema, based on the behavior and fondness of the person or the group Clickle suggests ilms and offers to make a reservation in a nearby restaurant for after the ilm.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



9 | 13



6 PAYMENT WITH CRYPTOCURRENCIES

A second extension will be payment with cryptocurrencies.

6.1 ORDERS AND CRYPTOCURRENCIES

Customers can order products directly at the company`s page in Clickle or make appointments via the app. After the integration of cryptocurrencies and central payment service, it will be possible to pay with cryptocurrencies.

6.2 TOKEN AS A REWARD

A quick explanation of how customers can earn or purchase tokens. Tokens can be used by the customer as a reward in order to reduce order costs. The purchase of tokens guarantees, that the end customers will receive discounts on services by using previously bought rewards. Clickle organizes competitions on a regular basis and token owners can participate with a higher chance of winning.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



10 | 13



7 TOKEN SALE

The Token Clickle will offer is called CLICK. Maximum CLICK created: 20,000,000 Price for 1 CLICK: 0.20 Euro

Revenue from the token sale will mainly be spent on international marketing campaigns for the already developed app and also on enhancements of the AI-development.

The revenue will be divided into the following parts: Marketing: 70% Enhancements in development: 10% Service: 5% Maintenance: 5% Reserves: 10%



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



11 | 13



8 COMPETITION

A comparable product is not available on the market. There are several different providers for some parts of functionality/features of the app, which strongly differ from the purpose of Clickle and are not a global platform at all. They cover only their own sub-area, are rarely compatible with solutions of other sub-areas and therefore create additional overhead for the integrating companies. Again these products, in general, do not offer the beneit of one platform with a high added value for end customers.



FIRST MOVER

Clickle is the irst of its kind and opens a new market First platform of its kind



ONE CLICK

Clickle empowers to manage everything with one click no

matter how complex it is. Easier than ever



INTERACTION

Clickle enables advanced digital interaction

with everyone Low costs

direct C2B interaction



COOPERATION

By cooperating with other B2Bs, some markets get totally blocked for competitors

Secure markets



PLATFORM

Clickle generates direct and indirect network effects centralized organization



DESIGN AND BRAND

Clickles offers a huge range to the companies and thereby succeeding digitalization.

Successful digitalization



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



12 | 13



9 TECHNOLOGY

Technologically all products are smartphone-based messaging clients with attached administration-environment on the side of the server. The functional range and the development of the smartphone-clients are technologically uncritical and already inished with all main features. Server-technology can be built upon structures known as ticketing- or fault-management-systems. Furthermore, a high standard of security and data privacy protection is required. Analysis, administration, and communication with the complainer require the utmost reliability in the app. The used technologies are based on established web-applications and security standards. They are modular and extensible.

Further speciication of technology:

 The server operating system is Linux, which offers high availability and security.  The server software is nginx and Jetty, which offer high stability and performance.  Furthermore, MongoDB-Databases are used, which provide easy accessibility and good

scalability.  The hybrid app is based on the standards HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. The Cordova-

framework based app is provided as a native app for Android and iOS. Therefore a reduced effort in development and maintenance is reached.  The web-based User Interface can be used as a desktop-application due to new technologies and offers a familiar working environment.

10 CLOSING WORDS

The Token Sale is specially launched to perform as international marketing. Buying tokens does not give a purchaser rights as an investor or shareholder. Likewise, Clickle does not vouch for developing or marketing the way planned at this stage. The daily entrepreneurial work might require adjustments. But the experience with Clickle at this stage shows already that Clickle can be successfully put on the market internationally and widespread. A buyer of tokens participates in a growing product and achieves a huge surplus when cashing the tokens as rewards.



.de - by SKOSOFT Gmbh



13 | 13



SAVE YOUR REWARD FOR A GROWING PLATFORM

Michael Skopnik

- CEO -

- by SKOSOFT GmbH Kleiner Kuhberg 18

24103 Kiel Germany



