CLIMATECOIN WHITEPAPER

The first cryptocurrency that allows everyone to participate in the fight against Climate Change.

Democratizing the carbon markets through blockchain technology. Becoming the first carbon zero cryptocurrency in the world.

JANUARY 2018



TABLE OF CONTENTS



1.- INTRODUCTION



01



1.1.- CLIMATE CHANGE & BLOCKCHAIN FACTS



01



1.2.- MEET CLIMATECOIN



03



2.- ECONOMICAL FACTS AND POTENTIAL



04



2.1.- MARKET POTENTIAL



04



2.2.- THE POTENTIAL OF CRYPTOCURRENCIES



06



3.- OUR VISION



07



3.1.- PURPOSE



07



3.2.- CLIMATE COIN INVESTMENT DIFFERENTIATION



07



3.3.- OUR TEAM



9



3.4.- DEVELOPMENT TIMELINE



17



4.- TECHNICAL ANALYSIS



17



4.1.- TECHNOLOGY USED



17



5.- TOKEN SALE



21



5.1.- DETAILS



21



5.2.- TOKEN DISTRIBUTION



22



5.3.- HOW TO PARTICIPATE



25



6.- TERMS & CONDITIONS



26



7.- DISCLAIMER



27



1.- INTRODUCTION

1.1.- CLIMATE CHANGE & BLOCKCHAIN FACTS

Climate Change is getting worse by the minute and it affects every part of the Earth. It is not a matter of debate as concrete scientific evidence shows the reality of it.

1) Carbon dioxide levels in the air is at its highest in 650,000 years (406,17 parts per million).

2) 16 of the 17 warmest years on record have occurred since just 2001.

3) In the summer of 2012, Arctic sea ice had shrunk to the lowest level ever recorded in history.

4) Satellite data shows that Earth's polar ice caps are losing mass (287 gigatones per year).

The reality is that governments and politicians are not prioritizing climate change, even though they have the power and resources to do so. Also, the resources of any organization or individual are obviously not enough to solve the problem. Since the authorities are not taking the initiative to lead the fight against Climate Change, our organization will do it instead.

Are individuals going to solve it?

Most People see climate change as a real problem. They are becoming more aware of what is at stake and are willing to contribute to this problem more and more by changing their habits. Of course, this is not enough, so most people are also willing to financially contribute towards efforts to save the Earth. If the climate change problem could be quantified on a per person basis, like a relatively low amount of $15 USD per person, everybody would want to contribute.

In reality, two problems appear that keeps everyone from embracing the obvious solution:

1. Human nature. People will start thinking they are donating an unfair amount with the thought that other people are contributing very little money in comparison. They might think, "If everybody else is not bothering to contribute $15, why should I put forth $15?"

At the same time, people will think governments and public organizations should be the one to bear the financial burden and feel powerless as an individual. This would be what economists call the "tragedy of the commons."

1



2. Who is going to organize this? Who is going to collect data and detail all of the total efforts needed and all of the efforts currently being made? Governments surely will help but not solve the problem!

Even with the positive sentiment of the Paris Agreement, it isn't enough to solve the problem. At the very least, it was the beginning of uniting countries in the world to face Climate Change. But recently, USA had left the agreement and is the country with the second highest emissions in the world at 5.172.338 kilograms/ton in 2015.

THE BLOCKCHAIN

The Blockchain is the technology originally used in Bitcoin. Which pioneered the cryptocurrency market. It is able to transport secure and reliable financial transactions between two parties without the need of intermediaries

Think of the blockchain as a type of distributed ledger that uses encryption to store permanent and tamper-proof records of transaction data. The data is stored via its peer-to-peer network using the consensus of peers to validate each transaction.

One of the major benefits of a blockchain system is that it eliminates, or vastly reduces, costs in a wide variety of applications and most prominently in financial services. It eliminates having a central authority (e.g., a clearing house) in conducting and validating transactions. Instead, transactions will go straight from sender to receiver.

The Blockchain has been proven to be a groundbreaking technology in society today and is being adopted by big multinational businesses around the world. Some of the biggest corporations are making significant investments and even patenting their blockchain-based ideas in order to remain ahead of other fintech companies.

Also, blockchain synergizes well with the internet of things (IoT), which is the internetworking of physical devices (also referred to as "connected devices" and "smart devices"). Vehicles, buildings, and other items are embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity. These objects are able to collect and exchange data within their internal networks. The IoT allows objects to be sensed or controlled remotely across existing network infrastructure and creates opportunities for more direct integration the physical world with computer-based systems. This results in improved efficiency, accuracy and economic benefit in addition to convenience by reducing the need for human interaction.

Imagine if those concerned about climate change had one centralized medium in which they can contribute funds to battle Climate Change. This would empower individuals who want to make a difference in this struggle while also receiving a share of the profits in return.

2



1.2.- MEET CLIMATECOIN

The CLIMATECOIN token is a unique cryptocurrency based in Ethereum that allows any citizen in the world to participate in the fight against climate change. It utilizes blockchain technology for that purpose and it will be stapled to a carbo credit, becoming the first carbon zero cryptocurrency in the world.

The CLIMATECOIN Foundation will be creating the biggest peer-to-peer, decentralized carbon credits portal in the world using blockchain technology to do so. With the money Climatecoin Foundation gets from the CLIMATECOIN token sale, it will be developing the portal. Climatecoin foundation is capable to sell carbon credits currently and will be developing this as a side business until the peer to peer carbon credits portal is developed.

For its carbon portal, CLIMATECOIN has closed a strategic agreement with CARBON TRADE EXCHANGE (CTX- GEM) world's first Global electronic exchange for Carbon and also with UNFCCC and other private standards. The Portal is meant to significantly facilitate the exchange of carbon credits (defined in section 2), allowing any institution, company and individual to directly and actively participate in combating Climate Change, while at the same time obtaining an economic profit from.

Carbon credits and carbon markets were made as an international collaboration to mitigate the growth in concentrations of greenhouse gases (GHGs). (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbon_credit)

Climatecoin Carbon Portal: Our Carbon credits tokenized system will make possible for any actor in the world, hence including individuals, to buy carbon credits peer to peer by using our coin. Our portal will be nourished by sources of product from REDD+, UNFCCC and other private projects verified by Climatecoin verification partners.

By using the carbon markets, entities can neutralize, or offset, their emissions by retiring carbon credits generated by projects that are reducing GHG emissions elsewhere. We are also permitting any individual to do it and profit from carbon credits appreciation.

Our mission is to create a symbol for individuals to be able in directly and effectively participating in Climate Change combat, using a blockchain technology to do so. Climatecoin is a cryptocurrency that will continually appreciate over time as the organization we will be reinvesting part of its annual profits back into the carbon markets and directly supporting carbon reduction projects.

The foundation will be hiring a highly reputable audit company to assure that funds are being invested in the right places when acquiring companies, products, or services or investing in our carbon portal. The auditing process will be thorough before any investments are made. Any money raised will be locked into cold storage with Bitcoin Suisse.

We have created a board of advisors with highly experienced professionals from the energy, venture capital, and technology industries. This will assure that the company will remain on track to achieve its mission.

3



The foundation has hired a highly reputable audit company to assure that funds are being invested in the right places when acquiring companies, products, or services or investing in our carbon portal. The auditing process will be thorough before any investments are made. Any money raised will be locked into cold storage with Bitcoin Suisse.

At the same time, we are closing agreements with large organizations that adhere to the best and most innovative companies in the environmental preservation world.

We have created a board of advisors with highly experienced professionals from the energy, venture capital, and technology industries. This will assure that the company will remain on track to achieve its mission.

2.- ECONOMIC FACTS POTENTIAL

2.1- MARKET POTENTIAL

The Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OCDE) estimates that around 103 trillion USD of cumulative investment between 2016 to 2030 is needed to mitigate climate change. This means the potential for huge profits for those involved in this industry. http://www.oecd.org/env/investing-in-climate-investing-in-growth9789264273528-en.htm

Since the Paris Agreement was adopted in December of 2015, 164 countries have submitted their national plans that to combat Climate Change, also known as Nationally Determined Contributions (NDCs) http://www4.unfccc.int/ndcregistry/Pages/All.aspx

NDCs include, inter alia, programs aiming at supporting: renewable energy, low-carbon urban development, energy efficiency, sustainable forest management, industrial efficiency, agriculture, transport and climate-related technological development in general. The greatest majority of NDCs affirm countries intentions to actively participate in carbon markets, carbon credits' exchange and carbon mechanisms at international, regional and national level. NDCs offer the clearest roadmap available to date for investments in the general climate change framework.

An INTERNATIONAL FINANCE CORPORATION (IFC)  (WORLD BANK GROUP) report launched in November shows that the historic global agreement on climate change adopted in Paris helped open nearly $23 trillion in opportunities for climate-smart investments in emerging markets between now and 2030. http://www.ifc.org/wps/wcm/connect/corp_ext_content/ifc_external_corporate_site/annua l+report/2017-online-report/printed-version

World Bank Group Investments At least $16 billion a year, from the World Bank, which and other development and finance institutions, will be directed towards Climate Change projects. These projects will include renewable energy and energy efficiency. The group will aim to mobilize $13 billion in extra funding from the private sector within four years through joint funding programs. By 2020, these efforts should amount to about $29 billion a year, which is nearly a third of the $100 billion a year in climate finance promised by developed countries to the developing world as part of global Climate Change agreements.

4



CARBON EMISSIONS & CARBON PRICING

What Are Carbon Credits? Carbon credits, also known as carbon offsetting, were conceived as a win-win strategy in facilitating mitigation of Greenhouse Gases (GHGs), hence becoming a key tool in combating climate change. Firstly introduced as mechanisms within the Kyoto Protocol, carbon credits have worked as `compensation systems' granting balance between new GHGs emissions and corresponding quantities of certified mitigations. In other words, actors required to mitigate their emissions can offset their duties by purchasing mitigations (in form of certified carbon credits) from other actors. Such a system has been identified, together with carbon tax, as the most cost-effective mitigation strategy to be adopted worldwide. In fact it allows actors that cannot afford direct mitigations to compensate their emissions throughout credits' acquisitions, while awarding net mitigations' producers by allowing them to sell their certified mitigations to the former ones. Such system has led to the development of proper carbon markets for the credits' exchange.

All emissions reductions made through offset projects and carbon credits generated from offset projects must be real, additional, verifiable, permanent, and enforceable. Any carbon credit that is generated and verified corresponds to mitigations that have already happened, hence granting its effective impact on GHGs emissions.

There are several types of carbon credits, mainly defined upon their purpose. Voluntary emissions reductions (VERs) are carbon credits addressed to markets where actors voluntarily offset their GHGs mitigations to increase their positive environmental and social impact (i.e.: corporate social responsibility actors). Certified emissions reductions (CERs) are offsetting systems created under binding frameworks such as the Kyoto Protocol, or again UNREDD+ carbon credits are generated for conservation and maintenance of forests. Several other carbon credits systems are on pipeline as a consequence of the Paris Agreement. These include the CORSIA-based crediting system (an offsetting system for civil aviation that will enter into force on January 2021) and the market mechanisms that will be created through Article 6 of the Paris Agreement.

Carbon credits enjoy also multiple verification systems (i.e.: the Gold Standard) aimed at guaranteeing the accountability and quality of the corresponding mitigation actions.

The most simple, convenient and established way to reduce carbon emissions is through retiring, or removing verified carbon credits from circulation. Whether you are a multinational corporation, a family owned bakery, a large multi-store apparel brand, a public institution or an individual, purchasing carbon offsets is the most immediate and most trusted way to shrink your carbon footprint.

Climatecoin aims to offer a cryptocurrency linked to the key crediting systems, while at the same time supported by the most respected verification systems, in order to guarantee quality, effectiveness and efficiency for its tokens.

5



A price of about $40 a ton (today is around 5$) along with adoption of other policies that encourage emission cuts would achieve targets in the 2015 climate deal agreed in Paris, according to a report published by a commission of economists and scientists. Under the Paris agreement, almost 200 countries will try to limit the global temperature increase to "well below" 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit) above pre-industrial levels.

The commission concluded that a $40 to $80 a ton range in 2020, rising to $50 to $100 a ton by 2030, would be consistent with the Paris target. Costs from the higher carbon prices would not hurt ordinary consumers much, said Joseph Stiglitz from Columbia University, who led the High-Level Commission on Carbon Prices with fellow economist Nicholas Stern. "Businesses are already using prices in the range that we're talking about," Stiglitz said on a call with reporters. https://www.carbonpricingleadership.org/news/2017/5/25/leading-economists-a-strongcarbon-price-needed-to-drive-large-scale-climate-action

https://youtu.be/PQPDGfeRoS8

2.2- THE POTENTIAL OF CRYPTOCURRENCIES

Businesses across the globe spent $2.5 billion in 2016 on blockchain solutions. Many reports predict that it will rise to over $19.9 billion by 2025. The financial services sector accounts for the majority of the future market growth.

"Blockchain technology is one of the most promising upcoming technological trends in the information technology domain," according to Grand View Research. "Not only does the technology hold the ability to disrupt the way the financial sector often works but it will also have ramifications on many other industries including consumer goods, technology, and media and telecom, among others," says the report.

Using blockchain technology as a way to approach more people in the world in a simpler, faster, more reliable, more confidential and safer way. Because of this, it maximizes the potential growth for our initiative. At the moment in which this paper was written, Bitcoin has a value of 3,451.20 USD and Ethereum of 235.59 USD. Ethereum has a Market Cap of $22 billion USD, with roughly $550.8 million worth of Ether being exchanged daily. Due to the programmable ability to run smart-contracts on the blockchain, large international institutions are beginning to find ways to leverage this network to reduce business costs.

This is the primary advantage that Ethereum has over Bitcoin. Ethereum has experienced tremendous growth over the past year that out-paces Bitcoin. Such tremendous growth rates highlight a growing need for experienced, honest and reliable business based in blockchain technology.

Ethereum is being adopted by big institutions, like the HYPERLEDGER Project hosted by Linux Foundation. This project has large corporations involved like American Express, BBVA, the Bank of England, Airbus, SAP, Wells Fargo and Thomson Reuters.

6



3.- OUR VISION 3.1- OUR PURPOSE

With Climatecoin, we want to support initiatives opposing adverse effects of climate change on our planet and making them economically sustainable, while at the same time granting profits for investors like you. We believe that nature, which is essential for our survival, deserves to be protected by the citizens of the Earth. Yet we understand this can be done only through a real and radical transformation of our society, moving towards environmentally, socially and economically sustainable development pathways. This means giving everybody the chance to contribute to this transformation. We firmly believe CLIMATECOIN can become a reference and a global means of implementation of such pathways.

3.2- CLIMATECOIN INVESTMENT DIFFERENTIATION

A large amount ICOs recently went public, which generated a great deal of expectation for the long-term speculation of cryptocurrencies. Without really having any tangible assets or any real-world applications for most of these currencies, many of them had been shortterm profit schemes by their creators and early investors.

Climatecoin was created to go against the grain and to bring blockchain technology to real world applications. The main differences between our ICO with other ICOs are: The money raised in our ICO will be mostly used for investing in the development of the peer-to-peer decentralized carbon portal where customers by buying tokens will be investing directly in carbon credits and indirectly in environmental projects that tokenize their carbon credits in that same portal, so there will be assets with real value.

We believe our token can appreciate based on the following reasons:

a) CLIMATECOIN presents itself as a Token-as-a-Service business model, which allows for contributors to purchase a token that will permit not only make payments for environmental products, but to buy/exchange through our portal, carbon credits of different nature. Also the climatecoin CO2 token will be stapled to a carbon credit certificate from its origin, and so for each token acquired, climatecoin foundation guarantees a purchase of a carbon credit certificate that makes the token the first carbon zero in the market and that gives the token a floor value.

b) To grow the capital pool, the profits generated by Climatecoin foundation in its portal will be reinvested to fund other environmental projects as a source of product and then be tokenized and incorporated in the carbon portal and to bring more revenue to the token holders as per appreciation of the token.

c) Climatecoin foundation as for its agreement with Carbon Trade Exchange will create a Limited company that will take care of marketing campaigns and agreements with big corporations to sell them carbon credits whether through the Carbon portal, or directly for their offsetting programs obtaining another way of income and benefit for the foundation and for the token holders. Climatecoin foundation is studying the legal way to sell climatecoin as a carbon credit to the individuals not only through its portal.

7



Unlike other ICOs, our project will be using one of the top auditing companies in the world to give transparency to the customers. This should give an ease of mind to customers knowing that their investments will be spent in the right place.

We hope to become a widely-recognized international symbol producing big results from our efforts will increase recognition of the coin's brand and will invite more investors.

HOW THE PORTAL WILL WORK

Climatecoin CO2 token holders will be able to access the Climatecoin Carbon Portal and select a different variety of carbon credits categorized by their origin. Certified Emission Reduction (CER) units Verified (or Voluntary) Emissions Reduction (VER) Renewable Energy Certificate (REC) UN-REDD+: "Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Degradation"

Each of the credits will be available as token converted and validated as Climatecoin Carbon Tokens depending of their origin and will be an exact measure of their current world price. Therefore the different tokens will be Climatecoin carbon REDD+ tokens will be issued (CCR), Climatecoin Carbon CER (CCC), Climatecoin Carbon VER (CCV) and Climatecoin Carbon REC (CCE). Through the acquisition of these tokens, tokens holders will have a token to be exchanged in the carbon portal and

Business acquisitions, development of the carbon portal and selling of carbon credits to corporations and individual business will be the main destination of the funds raised. Depending on the amount raised in our token sale, having more funds will give us access to invest in a wider variety of climate related companies. Carbon portal deployment and carbon credits selling is guaranteed. Our determination is to think big in order to be able to make impact, and therefore, 255 million CLIMATECOIN units is the total we are seeking to sell in our token sale. This entire amount will be used to invest in the different projects we will select. As stated previously, every acquisition will be preceded by an audit  Due Diligence - and will then allow the funds held in the Bitcoin Suisse multisig wallet to be released.

8



3.3. OUR TEAM

JAMES HAFT CLIMATECOIN CHAIRMAN Emory University - Goizueta Business School https://www.linkedin.com/in/jameshaft/ James is an entrepreneur and merchant banker with broad experience in all aspects of forming, managing, advising on, fund raising and business development for, entrepreneur-powered businesses, including business strategy and Mergesr & Acquisitions (M&A). Advisor or co-founder of global ICOs and token offerings.

Significant and relevant experience with Internet apps and platforms, cryptocurrencies and tokens, integrated media, online advertising and online metrics, mobile apps, telecoms, energy, emerging markets, financial consulting, real estate and venture capital.

JOSE LINDO CLIMATECOIN CEO https://www.linkedin.com/in/joselindosolis/ Jose is a social entrepreneur with particular expertise in the fields of fundraising and corporate responsibility strategy. His master's degree in Natural Resources Management and Social Marketing has enabled him to combine knowledge of environmental problems with an understanding of politics and corporate dynamics. Over the last decade, Jose has worked as fundraiser and advisor for the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) and governments. He manages a large number of institutional and fundraising campaigns which preserve natural resources. One of the most successful campaigns was Plant for the Planet by UNEP, where he was inspired by Nobel Peace Prize winner Wangari Maathai. He raised millions and was able to plant 47 million trees in Spain, creating one the largest green Mediterranean corridors in Europe. He is advisor for Millennium Ecosystem  an organization that analyses the impact that climate change holds for humanity, and which invests in green and social innovation projects that have the potential to promote the social changes that humanity needs.

9



JUAN BOLUDA SOLER CFO & COO

IE Business School SPAIN  MBA Executive https://www.linkedin.com/in/juanbautistaboluda/ Juan is an entrepreneur and senior executive with more than 12 years experience in a wide variety of business sectors, including the maritime industry, real estate and property business, and in cinema. He started work in his family-owned corporation, where he developed operational and financial management skills while working on various projects for the company. Juan has contributed greatly to each company he has worked for, through his skills in process optimization and labor management. His theory is that a business may be optimized through motivation, teamwork, resilience, and continuous learning. He recently completed an Executive MBA at the IE Business School. Juan is keen to learn about the latest technologies on the market and he is especially interested in Blockchain technology.

David Ortega CLIMATECOIN CTO https://www.linkedin.com/in/dortega/ David has worked with Blockchain technology since 2016, and has tested its capabilities in public and private applications. He spends his spare time studying the security of smart contracts. Before working with Blockchain technology, he had been an iOS developer in several big projects like FCBarcelona's official mobile app and Glassy Pro. He is one of the most important blockchain developers in Spain. David's specialties include Blockchain, design patterns, agile methodologies, team leadership, iOS development, Apple, MySQL, PostgreSQL, HTML5, CSS3, Django, and Web standards.

10



Ana Karen ZS CLIMATECOIN CMO https://www.linkedin.com/in/ana-karen-zs-67ba7697/ Universitat Politcnica de Valncia (UPV)

Ana is a marketing professional who started in the audiovisual and communication fields. She has expanded her knowledge considerably in strategy and online marketing, as well as WordPress content management. She is also proficient in PHP code, CSS, SEO, and

internet marketing.

Her passion for creating new forms of powerful advertising and internet marketing campaigns, and her expertise, are obvious from her contribution to each project she has been involved in.

ANTONIO LIU YANG CLIMATECOIN CCO https://www.linkedin.com/in/antonioliuyang/ Antonio is a consultant who has managed the promotion of Spanish companies, like the Wanda Project for the Villarreal Soccer Club, using Chinese social media. Previously, he had coordinated the Asian Entrepreneurship of the European Center for Innovative Companies, and managed the educational project of the Greenland Shanghai Shenhua Soccer Club in Spain. He is a service provider for Valencia Major Hall and the Export Valencia Institute. Antonio acts as a substitute professor, in Chinese and in Spanish, for different masters programs across different universities, including the Madrid Complutense, the Catholic University of Valencia, the Alcal de Henares, as well as business schools like ESERP or INEDE. Antonio has received a number of business awards, including First Young Talent of the Valencian Community in 2013 and the Gold Medal of the Forum Europe for his exceptional professional career in 2015.

11



BORJA HERRERO WEB DEVELOPER https://www.linkedin.com/in/borjaherrero/ Borja is a software engineer with eight years experience developing web applications such as corporative websites, e-commerce and learning management systems. He routinely uses state-of-the-art web and mobile technologies for his projects. Borja is very demanding of himself and meticulous in his work. He specializes in frontend development, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, PHP, MySQL and CMSs such as WordPress.

CLIMATECOIN MARKETING MANAGER & INVESTOR RELATIONS RUSSIAN MARKET

12



BOARD OF ADVISORS

EMMANUEL LAGARRIGUE CHIEF STRATEGY OFFICER AT

SCHNEIDER ELECTRIC https://www.linkedin.com/in/lagarrigue/ Emmanuel is a member of the Board of the Executive Committee of Schneider Electric. He is an expert in business management and is an experienced leader.

GONZALO DE LA PEA CIFUENTES CEO AND FOUNDER AT OPENFINANCE https://www.linkedin.com/in/gonzalodelapena/ Gonzalo is an expert in systems for the analysis and management of investment

portfolios. He has more than 15 years experience in this field and has participated in famous

projects like Invertia and Openfinance. When he was 21, he was part of INVERTIAs founding team, which was the first Spanish

language financial site in the world, and he still leads the team.

He went on to create Openfinance (http://www.openfinance.es) - a financial software company for financial advising and portfolios management  which soon became the

leader in its segment in Spain, being used by 70% of Spanish companies. In 2012, most of Openfinance's shares (62%) were sold to Bolsas y Mercados Espaoles

(BME) and to the Deutsche Brse, as a way of finding a strategic partner that would enable international expansion of the business.

Gonzalo collaborates in other projects related to entrepreneurship that revolutionize their sectors, including PLD Space (http://www.pldspace.com/ Access to the Space for small payloads) and Verse (https://joinverse.com/ Mobile payment system).

13



ANTONIO BENEDITO SERRANO Ex- Repsol Gas (SOLGAS) CEO and Ecuador Repsol Gas CEO

Industrial Engineer - IESE MBA Antonio has broad experience in business management, and held managerial positions in

Balanzas Cobos in Barcelona, and in Repsol Gas before becoming its CEO. After Repsol he became sales manager for Ros Casares in Valencia and was CEO of

Grauforz Spain before he retired.

MARCOS MARTIN LARRAAGA Co-founder & GP at Torret Road Capital

Co-Founder at Menorca Millennials Torret Road Capital - MDT Executive Program

https://www.linkedin.com/in/marcosmartin07 Marcos has experience in a wide range of business activities, including business management, fundraising processes and investor relations. He served as a board member in several early-stage companies where he provided strategic advice. He has more than 15 years experience in the European energy sector; he is a cofounder of B-strategies, the European Pellets Council, Menorca Millennials, and

Torret Road. Marcos holds an executive degree from MDT, and master's degrees in business administration from INDAE Business School and in engineering from the UVa,

having specialized in the energy industry. He has been a judge for 4YFN BARCELONA MOBILE WORLD CAPITAL and for STARTUP CHILE; he has served on

the Forest Europe Expert al C&I SFM Forum, been an FAO consultant, and acted as an expert to the World Bioenergy Association.

14



WAYNE SHARPE Executive Chairman & Founder at Global Environmental Markets limited

CARBON TRADE EXCHANGE(CTX) https://www.linkedin.com/in/waynesharpe/ Experienced Executive Chairman and CEO with a demonstrated history of working in the fintech , exchange, technology & environmental services industries. Skilled in Negotiation, Business Planning, Sales, Training and International Business. Strong entrepreneurship

professional and dynamic leader

PEDRO J. GARCIA VICE-PRESIDENT SOLMED ALLIANCE

ESTEMA UNIVERSITY VALENCIA UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA - BERKELEY PDD Pedro's company, SOLMED Alliance, is a facility services company and leader in quality management. Its aim is to support its clients, adding value to every project and working with maximum security to guarantee the satisfaction in each operation they manage

around the world.

15



AMPARO SANCHIS SENIOR MANAGER KPMG SPAIN https://www.linkedin.com/in/amparo-sanchis-85031810/ Amparo is a lawyer and Europe's most reputable VAT expert. She is an expert advisor for large companies, funds and multinationals. She is very keen to contribute to the flight against climate change.

ANDREU RODRIGUEZ I DONAIRE Blockchain | Innovation | Entrepreneurship Nakima, S.L. - Universitat Politcnica de Catalunya Andreu is passionate about technology, particularly Blockchain technology, which he considers to be the next internet revolution. As well as being the Blockchain leader of Atraura, he is also President of Barcelona Mobile Apps, one of the most important mobile app entrepreneur associations of

Barcelona (www.bma.cat). His current goal is to learn as much as he can, and to use his knowledge to contribute to

building a positive and prosperous future for mankind.

16



3.4.- DEVELOPMENT TIMELINE

FUTURE: We will work tirelessly to create a great brand globally and a standard method of payment for climate and environmental action. Our aim is to become a symbol of this cause

4.- TECHNICAL ANALYSIS

4.1.- TECHNOLOGY USED

1. Token Contract as a basis for the Climatecoin CO2 Token CLIMATECOIN C02 is a token issued within an eToken1 contract. There will be 5 0 0 m i l l i o n C O 2 tokens created; 51% will be sold in the ICO (255 million CO2 tokens). No further CO2 will be generated after this phase of the project. The CO2 token is an Ethereum smart contract, written using the Solidity2 programming language by the project's programmer. It enables tokens to be issued on the Ethereum network and provides a rich set of features:

17



1. Implementation of ICAP4 for multi-layer transaction routing 2. Account recovery in the event of a lost key 3. Allowances 4. Automatic Ethereum network fee refunds 5. Integrated exchange with Ether currency 6. Ability to set transaction fees

The eToken also implements EIP205, also known as Standardized Contract API. EIP20 compatibility ensures that integration with exchanges and other services will not be any more difficult than for any other Ethereum-based token.

System Architecture Overview

Breakdown of the Climatecoin Project

The Climatecoin Project consists of three layers of software responsible for different activities, as shown below:



Ethereum Network CO2 Token Contract



1. Network infrastructure 2. Data persistence layer 3. Consensus/enforcement of the contract logic 4. Transaction execution

1. Token issuance algorithm 2. Account balances database 3. Transaction rules



Wallet Software



1. User interfaces 2. Business logic of token users 3. Transaction creation



19



Network-level Interaction Diagram

The Ethereum network provides a medium for interaction between companies and users. Parties interact by sending transactions to the Climatecoin contract. All transactions are validated by contract business logic and recorded into the Blockchain. The Contract API is open to all internet users, and essentially anyone can become a user of the CO2 token.



Ethereum Network



Contract



Other smart contracts

System Architecture Overview

System-level Interaction Diagram

The eToken protocol supports two primary account security models: user-side keys and hosted wallet.

User-side Keys

These are private keys that unlock the account and are known only to the end-users.



20



Hosted Wallet

In this case, the financial institution (exchange or wallet provider) is responsible for key security. Only one to two keys per institution are used and transactions are routed to specific user accounts using the ICAP6 protocol.

5.- TOKEN SALE

5.1.- DETAILS The Climatecoin Foundation will issue CO2 tokens through the smart contract system operated by Ethereum (ref to Annex 1). The Climatecoin Foundation is a publicly registered body in Switzerland with legal responsibilities and is subject to audits. This will ensure the transparency of operations and the secure custody of the funds. In addition, the Foundation will hire a highly reputable audit company. We are corporate members of the Crypto Association in Zug Switzerland, much like many of the other great blockchain companies and successful cryptocurrencies.

Token name: CLIMATECOIN CO2 token - Climatecoin Profit-Share Smart Contract

The tokens will be assigned pro-rata to the funds provided to the Climatecoin FOUNDATION in the Initial Coin Offering (ICO). The launch of the CLIMATECOIN CO2 token is organized around smart contracts running on E. thereum. Summary  Participants willing to contribute to and support the development of CLIMATECOIN can do so

by sending Ether to the designated address.  By doing so, contributors create CLIMATECOIN CO2 Tokens at the rate of 210 CLIMATECOIN

CO2 tokens per ETHEREUM (ETH).  The launch was on 1 December.  The contribution period did run for 30 days (until 1January 2018).  There was a pre-sale starting on 23 October 2017, lasting 39 days for contributors of more

than 100 ETH, but capped at 100,000 ETH.  The Climatecoin Foundation controls the contract and the address to which gathered Ether

will be sent (implemented as a multisig address).  CLIMATECOIN CO2 tokens received by contributors will be transferable seven days after the

end of the contribution period (called the 7-day cliff).  To ensure that funds will be secure, we are working with some of the most respected

Ethereum security advisors. The results of the audit is public on this link:

21



Token Sale Discount Bonus for early participants:



AVAILABLE TOKEN BONUS



ETH COMMITED



25%



150,000 ETH



20%



150,000 ETH  250,000 ETH



15%



250,000 ETH  350,000 ETH



5%



350,000 ETH  450,000 ETH



0%



+500,000 ETH



5.2.-CLIMATECOIN CO2 Token distribution

Crodwsale Reserve Team



Team 20%



Reserve 29%



Crodwsale 51%



80% of all tokens will be distributed to the public in the medium-long term. This will ensure the long-term growth of the Climatecoin Organization and of the CLIMATECOIN CO2 Token. 51% of all tokens will be distributed during the initial CLIMATECOIN CO2 Token sale.

29% of all tokens will be retained for future reserve: They will be held in a multi-signature wallet with the intention of being slowly distributed periodically at a later date for faster growth if needed. The Reserve will not be accessed for a minimum of 4 quarters (12 months) and will be re-locked or burned if deemed unnecessary for the growth of the business. We may need to use it for investments to reach certain milestones.

20% of CO2 Tokens created during the contribution period will be allocated to Climatecoin founders, the team, advisors and strategic partners over a 24-month vesting period. It will have a 6-month buffer period so that these tokens will not be immediately tradable.

22



Our Dynamic Size

The Blockchain and Environmental Venture capital current markets are in a very complex situation. Many organizations investing funds to enter the market in order to profit from it. Our job must be to find the best deals and the best companies that will allow us to succeed in our commitment to changing the world. This can be capital intensive and will consist of very hard work in the beginning.

We are aiming at an ambitious strategy to position CLIMATECOIN as a central authority of the fight against climate change. We will aim to be the central asset manager for the best and most innovative companies in the environmental market. Funds above our Core Operating Budget (80-90% of raised funds) will be used in investments to ensure our success and create a "floor" effect on the C02 Token price.

DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS AFTER CO2 TOKEN SALE



Marketing 10%



Legal 5%



Reserve 10%

Core Dev 10%



Business Development

65%



 65% Business Development & Stake Purchases: The investment in the different disruptive companies will be the primary focus. Also the creation of the Carbon Portal trading platform will be one of our main objectives.

 10% Core Dev Team: The expansion of the Climatecoin development team will allow us to implement additional functions to the software. Venture capital experts, business managers, blockchain experts and other industry specialists will be hired.

 10% Marketing: Online marketing in order to generate awareness in the blockchain and climate change market about CLIMATECOIN existence in order to become a symbol for the cause and attract attention for our currency and in the companies we approach.

 15% Reserve: For future unforeseen costs.

 5% Legal & Compliance: Most of which will be allocated for acquisition deals and the creation of the worldwide network of companies that will be acquired. A small portion will go into administration and accounting.

23



Core Operating Budget Projection: ETH 31.699,39 ETH Calculated at 210 USD=1 ETH ex.rate



CORE OPERATING BUDGET STAFFING



2018



2019



2020



2021



Full-Time Employees

PRESIDENT CEO

Venture Capital Expert Marketing & Social Media Manager

Business Manager Programmer Total Full-Time Contractors

Blockchain Engineer Website & Internet Services App Developer & Maintenance

Total Contractors Total Payroll

OTHER OPERATING EXPENSES

Rent Accounting Bank Service Charges Marketing & PR Firm IT Expenses

Travel Oher Consulting

Legal Reserve Total Other Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses



850.00 ETH 850.00 ETH 500.00 ETH 300.00 ETH 300.00 ETH 300.00 ETH 3,100.00 ETH



863.00 ETH 863.00 ETH 510.00 ETH 306.00 ETH 306.00 ETH 306.00 ETH 3,154.00 ETH



876.26 ETH 876.26 ETH 520.20 ETH 312.12 ETH 312.12 ETH 312.12 ETH 3,209.08 ETH



889.78 ETH 889.78 ETH 530.60 ETH 318.36 ETH 318.36 ETH 318.36 ETH 3,265.24 ETH



300.00 ETH 300.00 ETH 300.00 ETH 900.00 ETH 4,000.00 ETH



306.00 ETH 306.00 ETH 306.00 ETH 918.00 ETH 4,072.00 ETH



312.12 ETH 312.12 ETH 312.12 ETH 936.36 ETH 4,145.44 ETH



318.36 ETH 318.36 ETH 318.36 ETH 955.08 ETH 4,220.32 ETH



200.00 ETH 50.00 ETH 5.00 ETH 1,500.00 ETH 50.00 ETH 150.00 ETH 150.00 ETH 600.00 ETH 1,000.00 ETH 3,705.00 ETH 7,705.00 ETH



206.00 ETH 51.00 ETH 5.10 ETH 1,530.00 ETH 51.00 ETH 153.00 ETH 153.00 ETH 610.00 ETH 1,020.00 ETH 3,779.10 ETH 7,851.10 ETH



212.12 ETH 52.02 ETH 5.20 ETH 1,560.60 ETH 52.02 ETH 156.06 ETH 156.06 ETH 618.00 ETH 1,040.40 ETH 3,852.48 ETH 7,997.92 ETH



218.36 ETH 53.06 ETH 5.31 ETH 1,591.81 ETH 53.06 ETH 153.06 ETH 159.18 ETH 630.00 ETH 1,061.21 ETH 3,925.05 ETH 8,145.37 ETH



24



All funds raised above the core-operating budget will be used to consolidate and boost the CLIMATECOIN CO2 token value and by purchasing stakes in companies and/or projects. Funds may also be used for marketing efforts to increase the worldwide presence of CLIMATECOIN. All this will create a "floor" effect on the price of the CLIMATECOIN C02 token.

5.3.- HOW TO PARTICIPATE

Go to: http://climatecoin.io Click the button that says "CONTRIBUTE". Follow the instructions prompted by the site to select that you will be buying tokens with Ethereum. If you don't already have a wallet, you may need to create one.

Only Ethereum can be used to purchase CLIMATECOIN CO2 tokens.

The creation of a new wallet is simple and you can follow the easy steps from our website climatecoin.io after clicking the CONTRIBUTE button. You may be able to claim your tokens once the crowd sale is over.

LONG-TERM VISION About eight years ago, an anonymous cryptographic enthusiast known under the pseudonym Satoshi Nakamoto introduced Bitcoin as the digital-analog to gold. Just like gold, it is limited in supply but it is also secured by modern cryptography to make it viable for the internet age. Since then, many have tried to improve on Satoshi's original vision and thousands of alternative cryptocurrencies have been born.

The value of all the cryptocurrencies in existence, including Bitcoin and Ether, amounts to $50-$100 billion. This just slightly ahead of Bill Gate's net worth. From a worldwide perspective, the market for cryptocurrencies still remains very niche. The high volatility and difficulty of purchase of most cryptocurrencies mean that they are difficult concepts and face obstacles in becoming mainstream.

There are many assets in the world that people choose as a store of value, transactional medium, or an investment. Currencies based on Blockchain technology are simply better as transacting, storing, and accounting assets. Most estimates measure global wealth at around 250 trillion USD with the majority of that being held by banks other traditional financial institutions. The slow migration of the world's assets into cryptocurrency represents a tremendous opportunity, and this migration may make the world a better place.

25



CLIMATECOIN technology will enable anyone to participate in the fight to save our planet. Once this symbol becomes known worldwide, it will become an exponential way to store and to create value for all citizens of the world.

CLIMATECOIN provides tangible assets to assure its currency's appreciation while also saving the planet from climate change.

6.- TERMS & CONDITIONS

The applicable terms & conditions will be the established in the climatecoin.io

website. https://climatecoin.io/terms-conditions/

7.- DISCLAIMER

This sale-of-tokens event, known as the Token Sale Agreement, is governed by Swiss law. By purchasing tokens, you confirm that you have the necessary legal capacity and authority to enter into a binding legal agreement and that you have fully read and understood and agree to all terms and conditions stated on the website, as well as to the ClimateCoin Whitepaper. If you do not agree with any of the provisions stated therein, you must not purchase tokens. As the Sale Event is conducted electronically, any person can take part in it, provided that they are at least 18 years old (or over, as required by the laws that may be applicable to each participant) and that they have the necessary capacity to enter into a binding agreement in order to purchase tokens from this website. It is each participant's duty to comply with all applicable laws of their jurisdiction, including but not limited to Bitcoin cryptocurrency regulations, tax and contracts laws. Climatecoin operates under Swiss law and holds no responsibility for the conduct of participants, and will not withhold any taxes for participants. We advise that only those participants with the necessary and relevant experience and knowledge to deal with cryptographic tokens, cryptocurrencies and/or Blockchainbased systems participate in this sale of tokens. You are nevertheless advised to seek an independent legal counsel prior to signing the Token Sale Agreement. Participants understand that all sales will be final, with no refunds or redemptions unless expressly stated in the Token Sale Agreement. Tokens purchased in this Token Sale Agreement are a software product granting the Service Agreement rigths related to the ClimateCoin Foundation. Participants understand and agree that a token is not a security; nor is it listed, authorized, issued or traded on any regulated market; and it is not intended to be considered as a security. Notwithstanding the above, participants understand and agree that it is their responsibility to ensure that they comply with the applicable laws regarding the purchase of tokens in their jurisdictions. Moreover, participants agree that they are aware of all the merits, risks and any restrictions associated with cryptographic tokens (particularly with their purchase and use), cryptocurrencies and Blockchain-based systems. In this sense, participants expressly acknowledge and understand that tokens, cryptocurrency, Blockchain technology, and other associated and related technologies, are new and that they are outside of ClimateCoin Foundation's control.

26



Participants understand and agree that nothing here constitutes legal advice and/or a recommendation or endorsement as to fitness of purpose. All prospective purchasers should seek professional advice that is relative to the level of their purchase. Please remember that trading by its very nature is volatile in terms of buying, selling, holding, losses and gains. There are a few common sense rules: Never buy more than you can afford to lose Buy from a reputable source Be aware of the idiosyncrasies of exchanges Be aware of scammers. There are several pitfalls: Scammers may try to launch Decentralized Autonomous Organizations on their own behalf. Please send Ether only to the official addresses, as announced here. Scammers may try to trade tokens at unfair prices at the time of token creation. The token sale will last 31 days starting 1 December. During all token sales, anyone may buy ClimateCoin tokens at the same price, that is, 1 Ether = 210 ClimateCoin tokens. Hence, participants expressly acknowledge that anybody selling ClimateCoin tokens at a higher price is a scammer.

Acknowledgements

We would like to thank everyone who has assisted and supported us in our work to produce the Whitepaper. We also want to thank Satoshi Nakamoto, the Ethereum Foundation, the entire Blockchain community, Mist, Metamask, Parity and MEW for paving the way for the past eight years. The best is yet to come.

26



