cryptocurrency gaming v2.1 December 23, 2017 The CoinCasino Team.

1



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



Content

De nitions

1. Overview 1.1. Platform and Advantages

2. Team Coin Casino. Experience in development and nance.

3. Use. Launching a casino in two clicks 3.1. Experienced Developer 3.2. ENS Readiness

4. Instant, harmonious gameplay

5. Our competitors and we

6. Team CoinCasino

7. Mechanism of CAS Tokens 7.1. Issuance of CAS 7.2. Token CAS: ICO 7.3. Description of the CAS issue 7.4. Terms of ICO 7.5. Key dates and information 7.6. The principle of transferring and using CAS tokens 7.7. Solution for CAS Server 7.8. Crediting BitCoin and Zcash 7.9. Investing with at money

8. Details of contract CAS tokens 8.1. Full review of Token contract

9. Analysis of the online games market 9.1. Distrust of traditional online casinos 9.2. Mobile app

10. ROADMAP

11. Terms and Conditions

11. Legal restrictions



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



Definitions

CoinCasino Tokens Decentralized software product CoinCasino issues a token (crypto currency) - CoinCasino (CAS). The Token will be o ered at the ICO CoinCasino event and provide the buyer with the rights stipulated in the "Terms and Conditions" document.

Company EXCELSIOR INTERNATIONALE s.r.o. - company established on December 12, 2016 in accordance with Czech law, company code on the register 14167123, o cial address: Chotsovsk 680/1, Letany, 190 00 Praha 9, Czech republic.

ICO (Crowdsdale) Fundraising, which will provide the opportunity to purchase CoinCasino tokens at a discount from December 27, 2017 (13:00 UTC) until February 15, 2018 (12:59 UTC).

CoinCasino Software product (decentralized application) created by the Company. CoinCasino is a set of open and burglary-resistant smart contracts deployed on the basis of blockchain Ethereum.

A discount Preferential rate at which Investors will be able to purchase CoinCasino tokens in the ICO sales process.

Investor Member of the ICO acquiring the Company's CoinCasino tokens during the event

Terms and Conditions Section "Terms and Conditions" of this document, including any duly completed additions to it.

Web site The ICO event website, supported by the Company www.ccasino.io

Whitepaper This document as a whole, including "Terms and Conditions".

Note to Investor

Read this document in its entirety before beginning to act. You understand that investments can be unregulated. You are aware of the high degree of risk if it comes to the prospects of development. Consult an expert if you have any doubts about the contents of this document. The purpose of this document is to present the CoinCasino project to potential investors in connection with the proposed pre-sale of tokens. We hereby provide relevant information that will enable potential investors to determine, by careful analysis, the need to purchase CoinCasino tokens. This document is the only legal document submitted by the Company in open access in connection with the provisions of CoinCasino Crowdsdale. This means that the document contains all the relevant information about the Company, its product o erings, and the "Terms and Conditions" in which you can purchase the product of CoinCasino tokens.

3



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



1. Overview

We are CoinCasino and we are revolutionizing the gaming industry, using the power of blockchain in the online games market. We know why blockchain games could not get into the mass audience and this document will give you an overview of how we make decisions that guarantee that the future of online casinos is fun, speed and honesty.

1.1. Platform and benefits

We are pleased to inform you of the exciting online casino platform CoinCasino.

We use the following technologies and rules in development:  HTML5 for developing a browser version of the casino  Develop a mobile application for two major platforms iOs and Android  High speed of operation and response  Distributed load across 6 data centers around the world  Thought-out server architecture for security and stability  Casino will be completely independent and decentralized at startup  Open architecture will provide our platform for other projects in the eld of online casinos

Our main di erences and advantages from other similar projects:  The rst gaming platform based on blockchain technology with real capital in USD. Part of the funds collected during the ICO will be stored in at money to pay players and increase the capitalization of the platform.  The rst gaming platform based on blockchain technology, which allows players to receive a prize in at money. You do not need to think about converting and withdrawing your winnings.  The rst gaming platform based on blockchain technology, which has a valid license for nancial transactions in the European market.  Obtaining a real casino license, to create the world's rst hybrid online casino platform. In CoinCasino, players will be able to use both digital currency and at money.We are con dent that this step will lead to an increase in the cost of CAS and the overall capitalization of the project.  CoinCasino is targeted at a wide audience of Players.  The security of CoinCasino technologies with patents for use (in the future)



4



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



2. Team CoinCasino. Experience in development and finance

The founders of CoinCasino have experience in programming and nance for more than 10 years. We know how to turn a game into an online casino into a high-quality and exciting gameplay and know how to create a blockchain-based platform that will give you this opportunity.

The core team consists of six developers and has already completed the rst stage of development of CoinCasino in HTML5. Our technology proves the success of the concept and development of online casinos. The advanced capabilities of the CoinCasino platform act as an inspiration to launch an e ective system for players from around the world.

In our team there are experienced nanciers who are responsible for the mathematical model and e ciency of pro tability of online casino pro ts.The company-developer has a real license to conduct nancial activities in Europe.

In the future, it is planned to create the world's rst hybrid platform for online casinos, combining the reliability and transparency of the game with blockchain technology and playing for real at money.

An important advantage of our concept is the ability to run games on the CoinCasino platform directly in the browser on desktop and mobile devices without the need to download the application, completely eliminating this inconvenience. However, we will o er mobile applications in countries where it is not prohibited by law.



5



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



3. Use: Launch Casino in two clicks

We are developing a platform for launching many online casinos, placed by operators and organizers anywhere in the world.

Operators and developers who have acquired a license on the CoinCasino platform will be able to create completely individual projects for any requirements of players for traditional gambling such as slots, blackjack, roulette and baccarat. We want anyone who wants to run an online casino could do this on the CoinCasino platform.

We are fully con dent that every game is fair and trustworthy. Unlike all existing online gaming platforms, the CoinCasino license allows the operator to easily create and host a casino under his own brand on a single CoinCasino platform.

When the operator is ready, the platform will allow him to run the casino in just a couple of clicks.

3.1. Experienced Developer

The CoinCasino platform is created by our developers taking into account the peculiarities of gambling. The already created architecture and principles of CoinCasino work demonstrate the advantages of our platform. No other platform to date can o er you instant games for real money and a crypto currency on blockchain technology.

3.2. ENS Readiness

Primary investors and CoinCasino founders have already purchased domain names, including blackjack and poker for exclusive use after the launch of the CoinCasino platform. Full information on how to access these domains and start playing will be published in the rst quarter of 2018.



6



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



4. Instant, harmonious gameplay

To date, none of the developers have been able to create games based on blockchain, which can bring you real pleasure from the process.

Nobody wants to wait a minute (or longer) until the result of the game combination is handled by the blockchain. The reality is that at the moment game combinations in online casinos are generated even before the start of the game session.

The CoinCasino patent describes a technological process for creating instant chains of generating game combinations on a blockchain.This is a unique advantage in the online casino market.We are con dent that the speed of the game is a key indicator in the development of online casinos and allows you to achieve a high level of loyalty, in which the player is ready to return to the casino again.

We created a browser-based online casino platform that uses the HTML5 and WebGL standards both on mobile devices and on personal computers to provide unrivaled 3D graphics for a streamlined gameplay and user-friendly interface.

Access to the online casino is possible through the browser or through any mobile device. That is, there is no need to install special programs, which traditional operators usually require. Thus, practically any temporal and geographical restrictions are eliminated.



7



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



5. Our competitors and we

The current state of online casino projects based on blockchain shows that their developers did not take into account the slowness of creating chains of blockchain.

Also, the resource consumption for each operation inside the casino remains unclear. According to our calculations, current projects bear large costs for calculating each rate. Delays in calculations can reach up to 30 seconds, which is not acceptable for a comfortable gameplay.

Please note that all completed ICO in this subject, have not reached the launch stage! Developers already after the collection of money realized that the implementation of online casinos rests on the slowness of creating blockchain and technology of smart contracts.

We offer a different approach

Our goal is to create a cost-e ective platform for online games that provides a repeat gameplay without adding unstable transaction costs. Considering the growth of ETH prices, we have developed a technological solution that o ers rates less than 1 / 100th of the current value of the industry.

Typical costs of competitors today can exceed 10% for a bet for players, our goal is 0.1%.

We intend to create the optimal solution with transaction prices with the unique patented implementation of the Channel-Channel technology developed speci cally for online games.We call this technology the Approved Channels.

An Approved Channel is an established channel that is open for the duration of a game session, supporting user game messages between the client and the CoinCasino server.

Since the gaming session is instant and can include hundreds of bets, our costs are an order of magnitude lower than our competitors.

With a detailed description of our server architecture and technical solutions you can nd in the document "Technical description of the project."



8



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



6. Team CoinCasino

The CoinCasino project is implemented by a large number of experts - like-minded people. Some members of the team for a long time are professional creators of other casino projects, others together have successfully worked on several projects on blockade. Today we decided to join forces and break into the online casino industry.



Vojtch Novotn UX/UI Designer Frontend Developer



Jii Bartak Backend Developer Smart Contract Engineer



Pavel Hrebicek Marketing and SEO



Radek Kopsov Math and Cryptography Engineer



Darya Zavyalova



Michal Bakajsov



Smart Contract Engineer Backend Developer



9



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



7. Mechanism of CAS Tokens

The currency of the online casino CoinCasino is the CAS token. The main method of interaction with intellectual contracts CoinCasino - CAS token: players make bets - they get a win in CAS or real money. The possibility of gaining and exchanging tokens within the platform is one of the main advantages of CoinCasino.

CAS is used in several ways:

 CAS is the only token used to purchase in-game credits and, therefore, the only currency for online casino games on the CoinCasino platform.  You can start playing with real money, exchanging directly inside CoinCasino, without involving third-party exchangers or exchanges.  All types of operations within the CoinCasino platform are carried out in CAS tokens.

7.1. Issuance of CAS

Since the CAS tokens will be the main currency of the CoinCasino platform, their acquisition will be widely available from the time the online casino was launched by CoinCasino.

Rules of issue:

 Creating CAS tokens is a one-time event before the ICO and there will not be any additional tokens subsequently.  Over time, the CAS token will increase its value by providing CoinCasino online casinos with real money and attracting new players.



10



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



7.2. Token CAS: ICO

The attracted funds will be used solely for the realization of our plans. Only by attracting the necessary amount of money, the development team wants to create trust and prove their capabilities primarily for players and investors. The CAS Token will be used for all platform activities, including betting, lending, paying players and compensation to interested parties. CAS will be created on December 27, 2017 at 14:00 UTC.

The value of CAS will increase after the launch of the online casino will begin to attract players from all over the world.

ICO start date: December 27, 2017 End date of ICO: February 15, 2018 Price: 100 CAS / 1 USD Bonus period: up to 150 CAS / 1 USD

CAS Creation will end 4 hours after the release of 1 200 000 000 CAS or 27 December 2017 at 14:00 UTC, whichever comes rst.

Trust: 22% of CAS, not intended for sale, but issued in the ICO process, will be held in trust before launching the online casino.

7.3. Description of the CAS issue

Creation: CAS tokens will be created at a time and distributed throughout the ICO. Number of tokens: 1 200 000 000 Price: 1 US dollar for 100 CAS tokens. Deposits: Payment will be accepted in Ethereum. Investments in at money will be received on the settlement account of a company that has a valid license to conduct nancial activities in Europe. We are ready to conclude legal contracts with large investors. For small investments in real money will be published an o er with a description of our responsibility to investors. Founder: the developers and founders of CoinCasino will receive 22% of the total number of tokens. Advisor: CoinCasino advisors will receive 1.5% of the total number of tokens. ENS protection: we purchased CASd.eth to help protect CAS token buyers from Ethereum fraud.



11



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



7.4. Terms of ICO

 Purchase of CAS tokens is carried out only through the speci ed website.

 Investors can purchase CAS tokens only for Ether (ETH).

 A 33% discount will be available on December 27, 2017 (14:00:00 UTC).

 The discount will be valid for at least 14 days after the start of the event.

The discount will remain in e ect until either a maximum amount equal to 20,000 ETH is collected or until the maximum time period of the event is 14, whichever is the earlier.

 The initial price of the CAS token will be 1 USD for 100 CAS before the validity period of the Discounts; the discount is 33% under the conditions described above, and then at the end of the validity period, Discounts will be returned to the original price.

 If within the speci ed maximum period of time the target amount is not collected, Investors are entitled to sell their Company CAS tokens at the purchase price.

 With respect to each investor, the Company will make a decision based on its own reasonable judgment, if it is suspected of fraudulent activities or does not comply with the terms of the ICO, nancing and purchase of the CAS will be refused.

 100% of the CAS tokens in circulation for an unlimited period of time give the right to pro t on the project.The pro t is added to each transaction in the power pool of the smart contract, and can be requested by the token holder through the power-down procedure. The power-down procedure is paid to the holder 10 in equal installments within 3 months. When the power-down procedure is implemented, the initial amount of CAS involved in the power-up procedure and the amount of pro t during the period of possession are paid to the holder.

 Owners of CAS tokens should have the right to use them in any legal way, including without limitation: sale, donation, pledge, transfer (receipt) by inheritance, deposition, etc .; The company intends to create a list of CAS tokens for all recognized exchanges of crypto currency.

The Company guarantees that each CAS token will be unambiguously accepted as a quali ed currency for rates on ccasino.io.



12



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



7.5. Key dates and information

Prices: the prices for Ethereum and will be set for a period of crowdsale. Final prices: The prices for CAS tokens will be published at 13:00 UTC on December 27, 2017.

Ethereum Address: 0x8cbac609Bd23358E6F0D8b637fD08aA924BEABeB

ERC20 Transfers: All tokens issued for ICO will be transferred to investors ERC20 within 12 hours after the completion of the ICO event.

All CAS tokens, which are in trust with the founders, will be o ered for sale at an auction after the launch of an online casino. CAS tokens not sold during the ICO will be distributed among investors on a pro rata basis.



13



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



7.6. The principle of transferring and using CAS tokens

Evaluation of the possibilities and security of ERC20 in Reddit indicates that ICO participants may face the risk of losing their crypto currency in the course of their operations and the slow response of blockchain.

Traditional methods of preventing fraud, such as con rming a real identity or blocking suspicious accounts, are not feasible in a public blockade because of its global nature and the use of pseudonyms.

A contract with a symbolic contribution instantly generates markers during a credit event, leading to a delay in transaction processing and low security of transactions.

ERC20 disadvantages are as follows: The Ethereum block diagram is too slow to support a large demand during the ICO process  ERC20 points do not trigger events outside their own storage token and therefore can not run CAS creation directly during the ICO process  Not all tokens derivatives in the chain can be such, will be mapped to each block.

We carefully examined all the factors and decided to minimize the load on the blockchain during the ICO, increasing the sensitivity of the server after the completion of the ICO event, using investor veri cation and CAS exchange.

To be able to work in such an environment, we use crypto-economics, a development principle that combines cryptography and game theory to create systems that demonstrate a set of economic penalties and incentives.

The following identi cation components are used to use CAS during the game:

Identity and reputation. When registering, users create a pair of keys - public and private - in their browser, as well as the contract id in the blockroom. With the help of these keys, users use these keys at every action during the game, they are publicly available and can be checked for fraud and collusion. With the help of the id contract, users can issue and receive acknowledgments, earning their reputation through them.

Guarantee amounts. CAS acts as a player's connection to the casino, as they are blocked for a certain time and can not be transferred. CAS can be reduced by identifying a scam.

Limited access. Access to games with high pro tability can have players who own CAS and have a fairly good reputation.

With such components, we can evaluate various con gurations that can o er the most secure and attractive game.



14



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



7.7. Solution for CAS Server

The bit-packing and compression technology was rst used in the DAO return contract, and then in the TokenCard TKN. Using innovative compression methods for bit packaging, hundreds of individual CAS token credits can be released into a single transaction call. The server will be able to generate a log of each of the three types of deposits - Ethereum, and publish transaction logs instantly.

The storage of transaction logs in the public domain will allow for the audit and veri cation of the compliance of server multiminter credits and committed transactions. After receiving con rmation of the ERC20 contract, the transfer of CAS tokens to investors will be carried out immediately.

7.8. Crediting BitCoin and Zcash

Since we believe in simplicity, we will accept BitCoin and Zcash directly on the assigned addresses during the ICO phase. However, these blockchain, or rather their nature can not provide us with the address of the Ethereum credit for the CAS token.

The CAS tokens purchased by such transfers will be combined into one Ethereum account controlled by CoinCasino. These CAS tokens will only be sent to the party that can prove that they belong to the sender by signing the message with the private key of the outgoing BitCoin or Zcash address. There are no exceptions to this rule.

If you are not sure of your ability to create signed messages using bitcoins or Zcash, we strongly recommend that you contact Bitcoin Suisse on the Internet at https://retail.bitcoinsuisse.ch/en or Shapeshif at https://shapeshift.io in advance use their services to convert credit to BitCoin or Zcash to Ethereum.

7.9. Investing with fiat money

We are an open and honest company. That is why we provide an opportunity for our future partners to invest in the CoinCasino project with at money.

Transfers will be accepted on the settlement account of our company, which has a license for nancial activities in Europe. Control by the central bank of the Czech Republic does not allow us to conduct an honest game with our investors. For large investors, we o er the signing of an individual contract.

To invest small amounts, all legal aspects will be described in the o er contract.



15



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



8. Contract details of CAS Tokens

The token contract is carried out according to the ERC20 standard with several additional functions.

The contract is divided into three separate parts:  The "Front End" contract is a permanent token address.  The "Controller" contract is created and linked by the Front End contract.  The "Legger" contract keeps the load balancing of the server and prevents various failures.

8.1. Full review of Token contract

Token's source materials and associated audits will be published by December 27, 2017 in Etherscan.



16



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



9. Analysis of the online games market

Income from gambling in 2015 approached 400 billion US dollars. The share of Asian countries accounted for about a third of all income from gaming. Approximately 10% of the global gaming market, almost 40 billion dollars, is generated by online casino revenues, which since 2010 show an increase in yield by 50% each subsequent year.

H2 Gambling Capital predicts that the global common (traditional and online) gaming market will be close to 600 billion US dollars by 2020. With more than 6 million adult players around the world to date and an estimated growth in the number of players to 10 million by 2020. The gaming market as a whole is growing rapidly, and the virtual segment of online casinos is growing faster than traditional casinos.

We believe that the online games industry can evolve even faster - in line with the growth trajectories of other digital industries such as downloadable music, books, online stores and taxis that all bene ted from the destruction of traditional business models by adopting innovative capabilities and technologies . It should also be remembered that historically, online casinos are subject to strict regulation by governments of di erent countries under pressure from traditional casino owners. The casino on the blockchain platform successfully bypasses this limitation, we can work anywhere in the world.

The technology developed by CoinCasino (double generation of random numbers between several numbers chains) o ers several advantages over the classical model of a single generation of random numbers for the entire game session. In particular, our platform based on blockchain allows us to ensure a fair, orderly game and withdrawal of funds. Does not su er from the speed, nor from transaction costs, which hindered others.

9.1. Do not trust traditional online casinos

The stories of deceptions and bankruptcies of large online casinos have undermined the players' con dence in the online games market. The collapse of Full Tilt Poker in 2011, Absolute Poker and UltimateBet in 2007 and 2008 pushes new players away from classic casinos to the online world, which generally hinders the further growth of the industry. Creation of an online casino based on blockchain will restore the con dence of players and the ability to additionally pro t by buying CAS tokens.

Traditional online casinos can work quickly and smoothly, they still have system aws.

No online casino discloses the principles of the operation of random number generators. They believe that this will a ect the security of the operation of such a casino. However, often, this is done so that the generator works "in the right way." Many players have more than once convinced that the generator never gives in the long run the casino lose.



17



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



There is no way to check how the generator works when the classic gaming machine is running. It is important to remember that to date, none of the players can check how the casino works, where its servers are located, whether deposits of players are securely stored. Most importantly, no one is responsible if the online casino is deprived of a license or will simply be closed. Often, even large online casinos have no legal status and are always located on island o shore.

Casino CoinCasino eliminates the player's mistrust of random number generators, this is the very essence of blockchain technology. We eliminate the players' doubts about the integrity of the game. The very essence of the release of CAS tokens and our interest in its growth on the exchange will not allow us to in uence the game in any way. Our system is provably fair, transparent and subject to comprehensive audit. Our players will always be sure that the casino does not intentionally play against them.

9.2. Mobile app

In 2015, the use of mobile applications for casino games accounted for 30.5% of the total online casino market, almost tripling the number since 2010. It is predicted that the use of mobile applications for playing in the casino will continue to grow, reaching by 2020 43.3%.

However, we must remember that all mobile applications with the ability to play for real money have been removed from the application stores. Some online casinos encourage potential players to disable virus protection on their phones, and write instructions how to bypass o cial stores to install such applications.This is a huge risk for the players, not to mention the inconvenience and not the ability of many users to follow such instructions.

CoinCasino completely bypasses the distribution model through o cial application stores. If you are not an experienced user, run our casino directly from the browser.You will not notice any di erence compared to starting from a classic application. We use only HTML5, no additional modules are needed. If you want to still rely on classic applications for your convenience, we will suggest that you download the application from the o cial casino website. This application contains all of our technologies and guarantees for fair play and the security of your deposits.



18



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



10. ROADMAP

May 1, 2017 Forming the CoinCasino team July 2017 Development of technical solutions for implementation September 2017 Ccasino.io launched on Ethereum September 2017 Preparation of ICO December 2017 Launching the ICO February 2018 ICO completed March 2018 The rst games CoinCasino April 2018 Expansion of development and marketing teams September 2018 Live tournaments with professionals December 2018 Global marketing campaigns, including o ine tournaments



19



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11. Terms and conditions

We want to be completely honest with our investors and players. Therefore, we have a suggestion to read some rules and limitations.

11.1 General

11.1.1. These Terms and Conditions constitute a legally binding act between the Investor and the Company (also individually referred to as the "Party" and jointly as the "Parties").

11.1.2. These Terms and Conditions determine the mutual rights and obligations of the Parties in connection with the purchase of CoinCasino Tokens during the Crowdsdale event.

11.1.3. In accordance with these Terms and Conditions, the Company sells and transfers, and the Investor buys and accepts CoinCasino tokens.

11.1.4. Sections of this White Paper are an integral part of these Terms and Conditions.

11.2. Statements and Guarantees from the Company

11.2.1. The company has all the necessary powers, opportunities and rights (corporate and others) in terms of owning and owning their business.

11.2.2. The company does not participate in the conduct of Crowdsdale in order to achieve illegal goals.

11.2.3. The company has all the necessary powers, capabilities and rights and has taken all the actions necessary to obtainpermissionfortheirimplementationandtransfer,aswellastoful lltheprovisionsofthisdocumentTermsand Conditions.

11.2.4. For the execution, transfer and implementation of these Terms and Conditions, the Company was duly authorized to perform all necessary and required actions, and implying appropriate performance and transfer from the Investor, this Document constitutes legal, valid and binding obligations for the Company that may be enforceable in respect of it in accordance with the provisions of this document.

11.2.5. Execution and transfer of these Terms and Conditions, as well as the implementation of these Terms and Conditions by the Company, including the sale and transfer of CoinCasino Tokens, require the consent, approval, authorization or other action of the relevant government body or any other person, or the ling of an application, or the address of any government body or any other person, and no such action will violate any law applicable to such a Party, will not violate any particular eniya any governing document or violate any agreement to which the Company is.



20



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11.2.6. All CoinCasino Tokens are free from any encumbrances or rights of any third party.

11.2.7.Therearenounful lledoptions,guarantees,purchaserights,subscriptionrights,conversionrights,rightsof exchange or other similar rights, voting trusts, transfer of votes, powers of attorney or other contracts or obligations with respect to Tokens of CoinCasino.

11.2.8. The Company does not manage any CoinCasino Tokens by proxy in favor of any person, directly or indirectly; no third party has any rights with respect to the CoinCasino Tokens.

11.2.9.Therearenolegalproceedings,claims,prosecutions,claimsorun nishedinvestigationsthat,tothebestofthe Company's knowledge, are exposed against any CoinCasino Tokens or against the Company and who are trying, or in fact,topreventtheCompanyfromful llingtheseTermsandConditions.

11.3. privacy policy

11.3.1. The Company can receive information about the Investor as follows:

11.3.1.1. If the Investor provides such information (for example, when registering on the Website, subscribing to our updates, responding to surveys, lling out forms, etc.).

11.3.1.2. Automatically (for example, log information, device information, usage information, information collected by cookies or other tracking technologies).

11.3.1.3. From other sources (as indicated on the corresponding third party authorization screen).

11.3.2. The company can use the information, in particular, to:

11.3.2.1. Administer the services of the Company.

11.3.2.2. Develop new products and services.

11.3.2.3. Personalize the Website.

11.3.2.4. Send to the Investor technical noti cations, as well as service and administrative messages.

11.3.2.5. To inform the Investor about products, services, promotions, events and other news and information.

11.3.2.6. Track and analyze trends, uses and activities related to the Company's services.



21



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11.3.2.7. Identify, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and protect the rights and property of the Company or others.

11.3.2.8. Verify compliance with the Terms and Conditions governing the use of the Website.

11.3.2.9. Keep this information for the duration of these Terms and Conditions, as provided by applicable laws, or for a longer period - in accordance with the Company's internal policy.

11.3.3. The company can provide information, in particular:

11.3.3.1.With the Investor's permission, including certain information on blogs or other online forums, speci ed by the Investor in advance.

11.3.3.2. Upon the lawful request of the relevant authorities.

11.3.3.3. To help providers who work for us (for example, to verify identity, support, payments, etc.).

11.3.3.4. If we consider the Investor's actions not to comply with the Terms and Conditions or the Company's internal policy, or in defense of the rights, property and safety of the Company and others.

11.3.3.5. In connection with, or in the course of negotiations on the merger, sale of the Company's assets, nancing or the acquisition of all or part of our business by another company.

11.3.3.6. Existing or future partners of the Company

11.4. Investor's Obligations

11.4.1. DO NOT violate or help any party to violate any law, legal act, instruction, regulation or any rule of any self-governing or similar organization that requires the Investor to be its member through the use of the Website by the Investor.

11.4.2. DO NOT provide inaccurate, inaccurate or misleading information.

11.4.3. DO NOT infringe copyrights, patent rights, trademark or intellectual property rights of the Company or the Website or any third party.

11.4.4. DO NOT distribute advertising materials that are inconsistent or unauthorized for publication, intrusive advertising, spamming or conversations.



22



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11.4.5. DO NOT reverse engineering and do not decompile any part of the Website to gain access to any source code, basic ideas and concepts or algorithms.

11.4.6. DO NOT take any action that causes an unreasonable or disproportionate burden on our infrastructure, or have a negative impact, interfere or remove any system, data or information.

11.4.7. Do NOT transmit or upload any material on the Website that contains viruses, trojans, worms, or other malicious software.

11.4.8. DO NOT attempt to otherwise gain unauthorized access to the Website, other Company systems, computer systems or networks connected to the Website, by password selection or otherwise.

11.4.9. DO NOT transfer or assign any rights granted to the Investor by virtue of these Terms and Conditions.

11.4.10. Ful ll any laws and regulations that may be relevant to the acquisition and subsequent storage of CoinCasino Tokens.

11.5. Limits of financial responsibility of the Company

11.5.1.   .           -      ,    .

11.5.2. Price and Liquidity of Tokens of CoinCasino. The Company shall not be held liable and shall not accept any nancial responsibility, liabilities or other liability of any nature for changing the value of CoinCasino Tokens to the extent permitted by applicable law, regulation, purchase of CoinCasino Tokens. The Investor from the Company is the ultimate action and therefore no compensation is provided and / or cancellation; The Company does not in any way guarantee that CoinCasino Tokens may be sold or transferred after Crowdsdale procedure. CoinCasino's tokens are supplied on an "as-is" basis and without warranty of any kind, express or implied. The Investor hereby agrees that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company does not assume nancial responsibility for any damage or loss, including loss of business, income or bene ts, or loss or damage to data, equipment or software (direct, indirect damage, punitive, actual, indirect, collateral damage, actual damage, determined by special circumstances of the case, punitive damages, etc.) arising from the use or inability to use the Website or the Mater information, software, technical facilities, services or the contents of the Website, when purchasing CoinCasino Tokens Investor, regardless of the background, which was the reason for the claim for nancial responsibility, even if the Company was informed of the possibility of such loss or damage.



23



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11.5.3. Website Reliability. The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, temporarily or permanently suspend the work or cancel the Website, and / or to block access to the Website. The Company does not endorse or warrant that the information on the Website is accurate and reliable and that the Website will be free of errors or viruses that defects will be corrected or that the services or server that makes them available are free from viruses or other harmful components. The company is not responsible for ensuring constant continuous availability Web site, in all countries and / or any geographical point, or at a particular point in time. The Company does not accept liability for any damage (loss) or loss, or any other impact, direct or indirect, arising from the use of the content, goods or services available on or through the websites and resources of third parties that can be accessed on the links from the Web site.

11.5.4. Security of IT systems. The transfer of data or information (including e-mail communication) over the Internet or other public networks is not 100% safe, in the process of such transfer, it may be subject to possible loss, interception or change. Accordingly, the Company does not accept any responsibility, without limitations, for what - any damages to any person, including the Investor, that may arise as a result of any transfers via the Internet or any other public networks, including without limitation of transmission using the Webs ayta or e-mail of the Company.

11.5.5. Reimbursement of the Company's liability by the Investor. To the extent provided by law, the Investor shall protect, protect and indemnify the Company and / or its a liates, a liated divisions, directors, o cers, employees, agents, successors and permitted assignees in respect of any and all claims, damages, losses, litigation, complaints, inquiries, lawsuits, costs, and / or liabilities incurred / claimed by any third party against the Company and arising as a result of a violation of any guarantee, statement or obligation , imposed in virtue of this document.

11.5.6. Taxation. The investor agrees to bear sole responsibility for any applicable taxes accrued in connection with the CoinCasino Tokens acquired in the Crowdsdale process.

11.5.7. Limited rights to Tokens of CoinCasino. Tokens do not impose any property rights or obligations or contracts, express or implied, other than those provided for in Whitepaper; in particular, the owners of CoinCasino Tokens will not have any in uence on the development or management of the Company.

11.5.8. A quali ed investor.The investor is aware of all the advantages, risks and any restrictions related to the CoinCasino cryptographic Tokens (their acquisition and use), crypto-currencies and systems based on blockboys, knows how to manage them, and is solely responsible for any estimates based on such knowledge.



24



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11.5.9. Law-abiding behavior of the Investor. The Company assumes no responsibility in the event that the Investor accesses, uses the Website or participates in the Crowdsdale procedure for any unlawful purpose or with violations of applicable law of any jurisdiction.

11.5.10. Lack of guarantees of business success. The investor acknowledges and agrees that the expected results of the Company's activities described in theWhitepaper document may not be provided in speci ed periods of time or at all, and CoinCasino'sTokens may not yield the pro t provided by the Investor.

11.5.11. Absence of investors from the USA. CoinCasino's tokens have not been registered and will not be registered under the laws of the United States of America, and will not be o ered for sale and sold in the United States of America or in the interests of US citizens; that is, the Company assumes no responsibility if the Investor is a person residing in the United States or in their territories or possessions or is a corporation, partnership or other legal entity established in accordance with US law, or an agency, branch or o ce located inThe United States and relating to a corporation, partnership or other legal entity established under laws other than US law; or a trust, any manager of which is the person described above; or a legal entity whose shares are not sold on the stock exchange, with more than 45% of whose shares are owned or managed in the interests of the individual or legal entity described above; or a member of any type of US troops; for an agent or trustee acting on behalf of or in the interests of the individual or legal entity described above. The Investor's decision to subscribe to CoinCasino Tokens was not based on information received in the United States or from sources in the United States.

11.5.12. Absence of intermediate actions.The Investor hereby con rms that he / she acts solely on his behalf, and does not act as an agent, representative or other representative of any other person.

11.5.13. If the applicable law does not allow the above or all restrictions to apply to the Investor in full or in part, then the restrictions will be applied to the Investor to the extent permitted by applicable law.



25



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



11.6. Applicable Law and Dispute Resolution

11.6.1. These Terms and Conditions will be governed by, interpreted and interpreted in accordance with the law of Czech Republic, without triggering a con ict of law.

11.6.2. Any claims or disputes arising out of these Terms and Conditions may be transferred only under the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent court in Prague, Czech Republic, and each Party hereto is irrevocably given jurisdiction over such court, excluding any other jurisdiction, and waives its claims, including any claims for an inconvenient place to review the case.

11.7. Miscellaneous

11.7.1. The Company has the right to assign any rights or obligations under these Terms and Conditions, at any time, at its sole discretion, without prior notice.

11.7.2. These Terms and Conditions are binding and are in the best interests of its Parties, their respective successors and permitted successors.

11.7.3. These Terms and Conditions are (signed) electronically, by virtue of the purchase of CoinCasino Tokens by the Investor on the Website in the course of the Crowdsdale procedure. These Terms and Conditions contain full understanding and agreement between the Parties.

11.7.4. The company has a valid, unrestricted and exclusive right to own the right to use patents, trademarks, trademark registration, trade names, copyrights, know-how, technology and other intellectual property necessary for the sale of CoinCasino Tokens, and for all its activities in the whole. In no event shall these Terms and Conditions transfer to the Investor the rights to the intellectual property of the Company, including intellectual property rights in respect of the Website or its elements



26



cryptocurrency gaming



DRAFT. See https://ccasino.io for the most recent version. 2017, CoinCasino



12. Legal restrictions

We prohibit the use of the CAS token anywhere, except for the online casino CoinCasino. This token will be released exclusively and only for playing in an online casino. The CAS token will be placed on the exchange in free sale and purchase.

Players are aware of the fact that the game in the online casino carries the gaming risks. No casino in the world guarantees its players a win. Our software may be subject to hacker attacks, but we will do our best to ensure complete security and anonymity of the data.

The economy of tokens is exciting, and also incredibly innovative. But any tokens can be in uenced by regulatory bodies, including restrictions on ownership, use or exchange. Regulators or other circumstances may require a change in the mechanics of the CAS, in whole or in part. Therefore, we can revise the mechanics, comply with regulatory requirements or other government or business obligations. nevertheless, we believe that our planned mechanics will be the nal version.

CoinCasino intends to apply a portion of investment money (40%) to nance software development and to eliminate cost uctuations.



27



