CoinPennant

White Paper

January 14, 2018 V0.65

www.coinpennant.com contact@coinpennant.com

This could be not the last version of White Paper. Please check on www.coinpennant.com for the last version.



Table of Content



Abstract 2



Introduction 3



Goals and Objectives 4



Target Users 5



Professional Traders



5



Traders (beginners) 6



Target Traders 6



CoinPennant Platform 7



Overview 7



Social Network 8



Inclusion of Professional Traders



8



CopyTrading 8



Technical Indicators and Chart Patterns



9



Marketplace 10



Notifications on Technical Analysis



   1 1



CoinPennant Token (CPT) 12



CoinPennant Crowdsale 14



Crowdsale Details 15



Presale of Tokens 17



Additionally Distributed Tokens (55%) 18



Crowdsale Funds Distribution 19



Roadmap 22



Conclusion 23



CoinPennant white paper



Abstract

There is no denying that the cryptocurrency market has gained a lot of popularity recently and at the same time the market is still growing. People are trading with cryptocurrencies as never before as there are incredible opportunities for traders, entrepreneurs and startups. Making the right trading move in the right time is difficult because rates of all cryptocurrencies are falling and raising daily. Some traders are following specific people who are providing them with market analysis. These provide them with trading advice on when to trade with a specific cryptocurrency. There are a lot of people offering such services for a fee and good professionals are hard to find. Some market specialists perform technical analysis based on chart patterns. Technical analysis based on chart patterns is widely used for in stocks, but not yet in the cryptocurrencies' markets to such an extent or automatically. CoinPennant will address these distributes and will introduce a collaborative platform for beginner and professional traders, enabling them to identify the ideal trading opportunities.

CoinPennant white paper page 2



Introduction

There is a huge number of cryptocurrencies available that are traded on several trading platforms. Because of this variety of possibilities, it is difficult to choose the right trading opportunity without a deeper knowledge of market status. Trading platforms provide mostly the value and trend of currencies. This information alone is not enough to identify a good trading opportunity. Younger traders follow patterns along with other advice from more seasoned traders. Good and reliable professionals are hard to find and some demand a lot of money for their services. This is where CoinPennant provides a solution for the best trading opportunities.

CoinPennant white paper page 3



Goals and Objectives

The CoinPennant platform will introduce a social network where beginners and professionals will be able to collaborate more efficiently. Primarily based   on subscriptions, professional traders will be able to provide beginners with information on trading opportunities. Additionally, CoinPennant will automatically perform and evaluate chart patterns and trigger notifications to the subscribers.

Our goals are:

Technical analysis - Perform technical analysis of several cryptocurrencies and provide notifications on these detections.

Social Network - A social network will allow traders to collaborate to identify the trading opportunities.

Copy trading - Users will be able to subscribe to notifications for these predictions and to obtain information on trading opportunities.

Marketplace - A subscription-based business model will allow users to get the latest information about the selected cryptocurrency from professionals and technical analysis results.

Subscriptions - Introduction of a new cryptocurrency to handle the subscriptions.



New trader

Plenty of cryptocurrencies



What to invest?



Analysts propose a solution



Usable market facts



Make a trade



Profit



New trader



Plenty of cryptocurrencies



What to invest?



Usable market facts



Analysts propose a solution



Make a trade



Profit



CoinPennant white paper page 4



Target users

CoinPennant will provide new opportunities for beginner and professional traders. The following sections present how professional and beginner traders can collaborate.



Professional traders

CoinPennant Marketplace & Social Network



Traders (beginners)



Professional Traders

Professional traders will provide the subscribers with information on cryptocurrency markets with their expertise mostly to allow them to perform copy trading and trading recommendations. Everyone will be able to define their crypto-portfolio to provide the crucial information about their services to potential subscriptions from traders. The platform offers all traders the results of technical analyses, volume changes and technical indicators at one place. A professional can use this information to provide trading tips for other beginner traders. CoinPennant finally awards successful trading tips. Word of mouth in the traders' community will attract new people will see the opportunity and join the platform themselves.

CoinPennant white paper page 5



Traders (beginners)

Traders will be able to subscribe on the feeds and tips of professional traders. The CoinPennant platform will send notifications with tips distributed by professional traders. Reviews and feedbacks will be possible and made public. Secondly, they will be able to subscribe on different packages of technical indicator results (e.g. basic, intermediate and professional). Technical analyses, pattern recognitions and volume changes will be performed continuously by the system and the system will provide information on these results to all subscribers.

Target Traders

CoinPennant will attract professional traders to join and collaborate on the platform by rewarding them for successfully provided tips. Beginner traders can subscribe on notifications regarding technical analysis and volume changes. They can follow professional traders and copy their trades. Both group of users can successfully collaborate on the platform and profit on successful trades.

CoinPennant white paper page 6



CoinPennant Platform

CoinPennant is a collaborative platform for beginners and professional traders, enabling them to identify the ideal trading opportunities.

Overview

CoinPennant will provide several possibilities for you to be informed of future trading opportunities. The platform will provide a customizable management overview of all crypto assets for the subscriber. Professional traders will also be provided with a management overview of all their subscribers, it will offer an advanced messaging system dashboard and a detailed overview over their favorite cryptocurrencies. The platform will include information on volume changes, distribute notification about bigger volume changes, identify oversold/ overbought markets (RSI), crossing averages, detect of strong support lines, and will present all results on a customizable management overview page.

CoinPennant white paper page 7



Social Network

A social network will connect beginner and professional traders to collaborate in an efficient way. CoinPennant will use several techniques to identify efficient trades. What traders are looking for in an expert is a regular communication and a reliable identification on trading opportunities. A feedback on notifications will be possible which means if the professional trader made a profitable tip, it will be easily identified and rated.

The platform will provide social platform so the community will give feedback to traders. CoinPennant is not liable on labeling users as professionals, the community will.

Inclusion of Professional Traders

Traders will recieve tips and additional information on trading opportunities by professional traders. CoinPennant will attract those with an informative overview over crypto assets, including the results of several technical analyses and techniques. This information will allow them to identify trading opportunities and will provide further information to their subscribers. A rapid feedback on their actions from the subscribers will allow them to get important information on their trading and will help them improve their future actions. Professionals will profit if the trading tips are correct.

Copy Trading

Our social network will allow professional traders to inform traders of their trades  copy paste trading. Copy trading is almost as simple as it sounds. If you see somebody whose trade impresses or interests you, you copy them. When a professional trader - that you follow and trust - buys a certain crypto asset, you can copy his action. The copy trade action has to be performed by the users manually on an exchange. CoinPennant will offer the possibility of a copy trade via the mobile app.

CoinPennant white paper page 8



There are several benefits for new traders from this copy trading technique. It is the opportunity to learn from people with a proven track record, it reduces the need to manually monitor your own portfolio and it allows everybody to diversify his/ her trades.

Technical Indicators and Chart Patterns

One of the ways to determine the value of a cryptocurrency is to analyze the trend of its value. Technical analysis is a methodology to forecast the direction of price through a study of the past market data, primarily the price and volume. It uses charts, historical data and other tools to identify patterns that can be used as a basis for trading decisions.

These methods originate from financial markets where their usage is a common practice and their outcome is vital to traders.

Volume plays an important role in the market analysis. Basically, it measures the relative worth of a market move. If there is a strong price movement, then the strength of that movement depends on the volume in the near past. We can conclude that - the higher the volume during price movement, the more significant is the move.

The CoinPennant platform will regularly generate technical analyses on several cryptocurrencies and will automatically provide information about their trends to every subscriber. Every analysis will be graphically presented. A detailed dashboard will provide a historical view on all analyses.

One of the analyses will be an automatic determination of support lines in the charts. The platform will identify the movement of the charts towards that line. Some additional indicators will be introduced (e.g. RSI, MACD, Moving Averages, volume) to be even more precise about a potential bounce of the chart.

Several other indicators and chart patterns will be introduced through the lifecycle of these projects, based on an incremental approach. All will help us to obtain the common goal, to trigger a notification on a potentially upcoming change of the market state.

CoinPennant white paper page 9



Having the possibility to automatically identify chart patterns and to connect them with the desired technical indicators (e.g. oversold markets with bigger volume changes) will be one of the important advantages of our platform.

Marketplace

It is important to get a full overview of the status, trading opportunities for your favorite crypto assets. The social network will maximize your trading possibilities by including a highly informative marketplace dashboard. It will provide you with the information about top traders, current trading cryptocurrencies and other trends. The marketplace will offer the possibility to subscribe to different types of notifications.

The CoinPennant offers a subscription-based business model. Traders will be able to choose between different professional traders that offer trading advice or tips, while other traders will have the possibility to copy it. They can do so by confirming the copy trade via the mobile app.

In addition, a professional trader with a higher trading accuracy will also earn a higher reputation which will attract even more traders.

Another benefit that the platform will provide is the automatic identification of chart patterns. This will include detection of support & resistance levels, ascending triangle, descending triangle, double top, falling wedge, rising wedge and channeling.

The marketplace will offer several different monthly subscription packages (e.g. basic, intermediate, professional) that include notifications on different types of technical analysis and chart patterns for selected cryptocurrencies. Volume change are offered with different selected time intervals. The price of the subscription will be based on the amount of information provided by the platform. All subscriptions will be based on the newly introduced cryptocurrency.

Coinpennant will support several top-rated cryptocurrencies.

CoinPennant white paper page 10



Notifications on Technical Analysis

Notifications will be sent to subscribers through all common channels  e-mail, social network messages, mobile and web browser push notifications and others. These will be sent with some delay when a specific pattern formation (described before) is identified. A notification will not be a prediction, but rather a piece of information. The actions that the trader performs based on this information are a liability of the trader, not of the platform.

CoinPennant white paper page 11



CoinPennant Token (CPT)

Payments for all subscriptions and other ways of services and product delivery will be supported by a newly introduced "cryptocurrency"  the CoinPennant token (CPT). While the platform will provide a list of package options for identification of chart patterns, other services and products and the tips created and provided by professional traders will be offered separately. A trader will be able to choose a specific tip, pay for it with CPTs and make an order based on that tip. In the future users of the platform services will have to have CPT tokens or acquire them from other supporters or on an exchange in order to make the payments on the platform. The platform will not offer them directly. The CPT smart contract will ensure two use cases:

 If the trading tip is successfully achieved, the transaction will be

completed and the professional trader will get the CPT tokens.

 If the trading tip is unsuccessful, the transaction will be cancelled and

the trader will get his CPTs back. In this case a professional trader will receive no CPTs.

Distributing company new CPT token is key element to be able to offer the platform service as described. CPT token will have attributs of an utility token. This mean that users can later be able to purchase services and products on the platform with the CPT tokens.

CoinPennant white paper page 12



Beginner/ Trader

TIP

Buy (CPT)



Transaction



Target not achieved

Refund



1 <contract>

2 3 4 5 6 7

19

20 </contract>



Professional trader

Create Entry point Take profit Stop loss



Target achieved CPT released



CPT share CPT share



Target achieved / not



CoinPennant



CPT burn



The tip is issued with parameters which afterwards determine its succession like defining entry point, stop loss and take profit.

The number of successful tips will raise the professional trader's reputation and rating in the platform, while traders will be able to make a better choice between professionals. Since payments will be processed for successful tips only, the trader's risk of buying an incorrect tip is potencially lower and his satisfaction expectedly higher.

The acceptance of CPT token is essential for the realization of the business model as described above. The smart contract behind the token will implement and support the possible resolutions of each transaction. The use of any other currencies is not possible due to the lack of these specific smart contract features.



CoinPennant white paper page 13



CoinPennant Crowdsale

Crowdsale wil be conducted as an Initial Coin Offering, also commonly referred to as an ICO. This is a fund-raising mechanism where new projects trade their underlying crypto tokens in exchange for bitcoin and other crypto currencies.

The application of the utility token CPT is essential for the execution of transactions as defined in the previous chapter. This crowdsale will allow CoinPennant to further enhance the already existing beta application so we can launch a fully functioning platform as defined in the roadmap.

The utility token CPT can later be used to purchase different service and products on the developed platform (like advices from expert traders, following specific traders trades and strategies,...).



ICO

(Initial Coin Offering)



CoinPennant CPT



The CoinPennant crowdsale will commence in early 2018, starting with a presale.



CoinPennant white paper page 14



Crowdsale Details



Name: Symbol: Platform: Price in dollar: Contibution methods: Soft cap: Hard cap: Min Contribution: Max Contribution: Max Crowdsale Token Supply: Max Total Token Supply:



CoinPennant Token CPT Ethereum (ERC20) 1 CPT = $0.5 ETH $1 milion ($1.000.000) $10 milion ($10.000.000) 0.1 ETH 1000 ETH 24.3 milion CPT (24.300.000 CPT) 54 milion CPT (54.000.000 CPT)



Please note: a) The excact number of tokens generated depend on the amount of funds contributed. b) No token creation, minting or mining after the end of the crowdsale period. c) If the softcap is not reached, funds will be returned to the contributors. d) Upon reaching the hard cap, the crowdsale will end immediately.



CoinPennant white paper page 15



We decided to reward early crowdsale contributors. The sooner you join, the greater the bonus that will be appointed to you. We will use the following bonuses ladder:



Tokens sold 0 - 9,99% 10 - 19,99% 20 - 29,99% 30 - 39,99% 40 - 49,99% 50 - 100%



CPT Available 2.000.000 2.000.000 2.000.000 2.000.000 2.000.000

Depending on presale



Bonus 15%

12.5% 10% 7.5% 5% 0%



CoinPennant white paper page 16



Presale of CPT Tokens

We will offer a 10 milion CPT (10.000.000 CPT) of tokens in the presale for the contributors with the following conditions and special bonus.



Tokens in the Presale: Presale Hard cap: Presale Min Contribution: Prisale Max Contribution: Bonus for Presale Contributors:



10 milion CPT (10.000.000 CPT) $5 milion ($5.000.000) 0.1 ETH 1000 ETH 33%



Please note:

a) Participation in the presale is the only option to receive such high bonus.

b) The number of tokens distributed in the presale (excluding bonuses) is deducted from the total number of available tokens in the crowdsale (20 milion CPT). This means if the presale is fully successful with 10 milion CPT sold, the crowdsale will be performed with 10 milion CPT with the bonus ladder on the crowdsale details section of this white paper.



CoinPennant white paper page 17



Additionally Distributed Tokens (55%)

After the token distribution (Presale and Crowdsale) is concluded, the following additional tokens will be created and distributed based on the base level (all the CPT tokens together will be created at the same time):



26% 10% 7% 12%



Intended for the core team which will continue to bring the project to life. These coins will be locked by team for the duration of 1 year and will not be sold in this period.

Intended for advisors, ambassadors and partners who will join the project at a later stage.

Intended for platform incentives to help smoothly kickoff the platform ecosystem (for example, among the first joined professional traders in the platform with the best performing trade tips).

Intended for the 50 CPT airdrop whitelist bonus, the bounty pool, to award contributors which helped us build the crowdsale whitelist, and our Sign up & Invite Friends referral program. These will be distributed only if the soft cap is reached.



CoinPennant white paper page 18



Crowdsale Funds Distribution

After a successful crowdsale, the funds will be distributed as defined in the following table:



75%

15% 10%



of contributions will be used for operations and development of the CoinPennant platform. This includes:

 employment of additional working staff (mainly for software development),  software licenses,  servers and hardware,  other HR costs,  administration,  financial and legal consultancy,  office rent,  office equipment,  detailed business plan preparation,  travel expenses,  etc..

of contributions will be used for marketing, including advertising campaigns.

of contributions will be reserved for future professional partnerships in the trading sphere.



10%

15%

75%



Operations and development of CoinPennant platform 75% Marketing 15%

Professional partnerships 10%



CoinPennant white paper page 19



CoinPennant's soft cap will be $1 milion ($1.000.000) and its hard cap will be $10 milion ($10.000.000). If we reach the hard cap, we will not accept any additional contributions. Any additional transactions made to our wallet will be cancelled and returned to the original sender.

In case when the crowdsale exceeds the soft cap but not achieve the hard cap, the earnings will be used for the following:



$1.00M  $2.49M

$1.000.000 - $2.499.999

$2.50M - $4.99M

$2.500.000 - $4.999.999

$5.00M - $7.49M

$5.000.000 - $7.499.999



 The raised funds will be used to complete the minimal visible product.  Volume changes and notifications on these will be supported.  A 24-hour and the total market volume change will be included.  3 different exchanges are supported  Volume change correlation detection  A mobile application will allow traders to receive notifications from the platform.  A significant volume change identification in the last candles

 A social network will be established where professional traders will be able to provide their tips and advice to the subscribed traders.  All provided tips by professional traders are offered in the marketplace and can be bought.

 Some basic technical indicator and chart pattern identifications based on the data of 3 exchange platforms.



CoinPennant white paper page 20



$7.50M - $9.99M

$7.500.000 - $9.999.999

$10.00M

$10.000.000



 Multiple technical indicators and chart patterns will be included and offered as different subscription packages.

 The social network will be expanded to support rating of trades, feedback possibilities, commenting support. Technical analyses will be based on data of multiple platforms and an advanced portfolio overview will be introduced.

 The mobile application supports copy trading functionalities for several exchanges.

 The complete CoinPennant experience will be established as defined in the roadmap.



CoinPennant white paper page 21



Road Map



Estimate



Proposed features



Q3 2017 Q4 2017



 Establish the CoinPennant concept and develop marketing strategy

 Finalize research and due diligence on regulatory compliance

 Begin beta testing of the CoinPennant platform  Expand dashboard to include basic market indicators

(e.g., significant value changes)



Q1 2018



 Execute CointPennant Token Crowdsale  Expand dashboard indicators to include volume changes and

volume change correlation  Install volume change notification functionality



Q2 2018



 Begin beta testing of CoinPennant's social network  Add chart pattern identification to the dashboard  Begin beta testing of the CoinPennant mobile app  Expand the Portfolio Overview on the dashboard



Q3 2018 Q4 2018 Q1 2019 Q2 2019



 Enhance chart pattern identification feature  Expand the range of exchange platforms surveyed for use in

chart pattern identification  Integrate subscription support into the CoinPennant social network

 Expand social network functionality  Install copy trade capability  Provide an API for B2B integration

 Add copy trading functionality to the CoinPennant mobile app  Add social network functionality to the CointPennant mobile app  Add functionality for comparisons between investor portfolios

 Rollout of the integrated CoinPennant Dashboard and Investor Networking Platform

CoinPennant white paper page 22



Conclusion

The CoinPennant platform will cover two major aspects in the world of cryptocurrency trading. The first one is a detailed technical analysis which is the essential component in the trading environment. On the other hand, the platform will also offer copy trading opportunities via a social-based portal where professional and occasional traders can profit. A new currency, the CPT token, will be introduced and used for all payments on the platform.

CoinPennant white paper page 23



Cryptocurrency Trading Simplified

CoinPennant LTD

contact@coinpennant.com www.coinpennant.com



