COMSA

- the I CO s olution f or c entralized b usinesses t o a dopt blockchain t echnologies -

Whitepaper s ummary R ev.1.2

2017   T ech B ureau Corp. A ll Rights R eserved.



 COMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2



INDEX



INDEX



1



Summary



3



COMSA T oken S ale



3



Token F unctions a nd B enefits



4



Community Vote



5



Burn o f CMS Token



6



Invitation-Only P re-Sale of Future I COs



6



Budget Allocation



6



ICO Market and Industry



6



COMSA I CO S olution



8



COMSA a nd Other Upcoming ICO Projects in 2 017



9



What i s C OMSA



9



COMSA CORE



11



COMSA CORE = Conversion Network



12



Zero-Downtime COMSA CORE



13



Oracle ( Monitor)



13



Multi-sig Authenticator



13



COMSA CONTROLLER



13



Auditable API



13



Two-Layer L edger



13



The A dvantages of Centralization



14



COMSA H UB



14



Fiat P egged T okens



15



Cryptocurrency P egged T okens



16



Business Transactions o n P ublic Blockchains



16



One-time Use M ulti-Party S mart Contracts



16



Network Fee Delegation



17



Demand f or C entralized Service



17



Japanese R egulation



18



About NEM



18



About Mijin



19



About E thereum



19



COMSA W hitepaper -   2017 Tech Bureau C orp. A ll R ights R eserved.   -  1  -



 C OMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2



About Z aif



19



About T ech B ureau



20



Tech Bureau E xecutives



20



Legal Advisors



21



ICO C ommittee M embers



21



Partners



22



Nippon Technology V enture P artners



22



Infoteria C orporation.



22



FISCO



22



CAICA



22



arara



22



COMSA R esources



23



Official Website



23



Official T elegram



23



Official Slack



23



Latest W hitepaper



23



Official twitter



23



Official Facebook P age



23



COMSA Roadmap



23



COMSA F AQs



23



What d oes " COMSA" s tand for?



23



Use C ase -  Talent Trading Cards -



24



Use C ase -  V R World C urrency-



25



Use C ase - I oT Authentication &  Ledger -



26



Change Log



28



COMSA Whitepaper -   2017 Tech B ureau Corp. A ll R ights Reserved.   -  2 -



 COMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2

Summary

Ever since the introduction of Bitcoin as a crypto currency in early 2009, we have witnessed great interest in the usage of the technology. In a span of 8 years, we have seen an astronomical growth in the landscape, with close to a thousand different projects centering on the blockchain technology. This rapid growth gave rise to the use of cryptocurrencies that are an alternate form of value transaction within the burgeoning blockchain community and which are fast spreading to mainstream use.

In recent times, there have been many newly created projects in the blockchain space that are focused on crypto-centric users, some of which are cutting edge and highly motivated to not only succeed in the initial offerings, but scale as markets and economies transform over time. On the contrary, most of the headlines by mainstream and legacy organizations/enterprises on the use of blockchain solutions are no better than a simple proof of concept. The majority of these mainstream initiatives even leverage on taglines such as "blockchain inspired" or "blockchain centered" technologies, thus giving a n ew impetus a nd i nterest to t heir e xisting business.

The general notion is that cryptocurrencies are inherently volatile and this feature is here to stay. In fact, volatility can sometimes be a strong selling point for cryptocurrencies, but that is also one of the largest obstacles for real businesses to adopt them. And network fees always haunt us as we try to implement public blockchains in legacy business practices such as trades, bookkeeping, guidelines, or compliance. The fees, per se, are not that they are expensive, but they become an administrative nightmare as their users should not be bothered with having to deal with managing their t ransaction fees.

As such, this rate of phenomenal growth has undoubtedly left many gaps that are yet to be fulfilled. The existence of these gaps has resulted in a high barrier to entry for enterprises who have trouble trying to bridge their islands of existence to the rest of the crypto and mainstream economies. We are in a s tate o f flux a nd s olutions are n eeded t o address these issues.

Tech Bureau Corp. is now carrying out a token sale exercise to crystalize an effort to offer a solution to address the aforementioned p roblems.

COMSA T oken Sale

"COMSA" is derived from "Computer" and  (Kusari/Sa): meaning "chain," combining to make "blockchain."

Before COMSA launches as a full-fledged service it will undergo an token sale exercise. The cryptocurrency raised from the token sale will not only fund us to expand its reach in a rapidly growing ICO market, but also to accelerate the growth of our existing core businesses, which are the crypto exchange Zaif and the private blockchain product, Mijin. Both Zaif and Mijin are core elements o f t he C OMSA solution.

The token sale will be launched at 14:00 JST on October 2nd, 2017 and closes at 14:00 JST on

COMSA W hitepaper -    2017 Tech B ureau Corp. All R ights Reserved.   - 3  -



 COMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2 November 6th, 2017. B elow a re t he details o f the t oken s ale:

 Token sale participants will receive 1 COMSA (Symbol: CMS) token per 1USD equivalent contribution. No cap i s s et.

 At the end of the token sale, based on the number of tokens issued for the participants, an equal number of CMS tokens will be issued and issuance will be locked. In other words, 100% more will b e i ssued o ver t he s ubscribed n umber.

 Of t his 1 00% more, 10% w ill be d istributed as referral bonuses to t oken sale referrals. 40% will be distributed to the existing management team, stakeholders, developers, employees, contractors, and COMSA ICO committee management. 50% will be retained by Tech Bureau for future development, future distributions, marketing, partnerships, compensations, a nd e xpansions.

 As a result, 5 5% of the grand t otal w ill b e distributed t o the contributors.

Presale of CMS tokens with a 20% bonus will be available for participants who intend to contribute at least 100,000 USD equivalent of cryptocurrencies. Presale can be purchased with BTC, ETH or XEM. P lease c ontact C OMSA management t eam at h ttps://comsa.io/en/#contact Also, following time bonus will b e a pplied f or t oken sale. +14% Oct. 2nd. 1 4:00   Oct. 4th. 14:00JST +10% Oct. 4th. 14:00   Oct.11th. 1 4:00JST +5% O ct. 1 1th. 1 4:00  O ct. 2 5th. 1 4:00JST

Token Functions a nd B enefits

COMSA is a platform gateway for the aforementioned variety of blockchains. . This platform can also be used by companies that wish to carry out their ICOs. COMSA's value proposition is its infrastructure where it can offer these companies a complete ecosystem for their ICOs, which includes the Zaif Exchange, multi-cryptocurrencies subscription, cross-platform integration and a ready ICO asset creation through the use of the NEM and Ethereum public blockchains and mijin private blockchain r espectively. As part of COMSA's very own token sale, CMS holders who bought their CMS from COMSA's token sale exercise will get to enjoy a premium bonus of 5% for every CMS they use to participate in these

COMSA W hitepaper -    2 017 T ech Bureau Corp. A ll Rights Reserved.   -  4  -



 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2 future ICO campaigns on the COMSA platform. For example, if 100 CMS tokens are utilised to purchase a new ICO, the purchaser will be granted 105 of their chosen token, the 5 being a bonus as opposed t o a  regular purchase w ithout t he CMS token. As detailed later in this paper, we have managed to secure interests from a few successful businesses to use the COMSA platform for their upcoming ICOs, which naturally, will create more demand f or the C MS tokens.

Community Vote

Although all ICO projects will be screened by Tech Bureau and the ICO Committee, there could still be challenging projects that are potentially risky to token buyers. In such cases, COMSA will escalate the p rojects t o t he c ommunity to v ote. CMS token holders will be eligible to vote for these ICO projects based on the number of tokens they h old at a  certain block h eight t o determine whether it should go ICO with COMSA or not. COMSA will create a contract on Ethereum blockchain to allow ETH:CMS holders to vote using special voting t okens.  H olders c an send those t okens to s pecified a ddresses. On the NEM blockchain, voting will be even easier. NEM's open-source wallet software Nanowallet now h as a n o fficial voting m odule.  W e c an a llow N EM:CMS h olders t o v ote d irectly from the wallet.

COMSA Whitepaper -   2 017 Tech B ureau Corp. All R ights Reserved.   -  5 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2

Burn of C MS Token

A c ertain p ortion o f r evenue r elated to COMSA s olutions will a lso be allocated to b urn C MS tokens on t he Zaif market from time t o time. T hese r evenues include:

 ICO c onsulting and service fees.  Conversion fees of COMSA CORE.  Mijin license fees and B aaS license f ees.

Invitation-Only Pre-Sale of F uture I COs

As a privilege, CMS token holders will also be invited from time to time to invest in future ICO projects w hich are only opened to i nvited participants and n ot f or the p ublic.

Budget Allocation

Funds raised f rom t he token sale shall be allocated f or t he f ollowing:  Development of C OMSA ICO t oken s ale p latform.  Development of t he COMSA C ORE  Development o f the COMSA H UB.  Development o f c rypto pegged t okens.  Development of fiat pegged tokens.  Add multi-language user i nterface a nd customer s upport t o Z aif E xchange ( English,Chinese and more).  Add streamlined p rocesses t o list a ny E RC-20 tokens or N EM M OSAIC t okens o n Z aif exchange.  Add /XEM and / ETH t o a ll t he currency p airs.  PR and m arketing of C OMSA solution a nd i ts related s ervices.

ICO M arket a nd Industry

In June 2017, the total funds raised by ICOs exceeded the amount that blockchain startups had raised f rom venture c apital c ompanies for t he 1 2 m onths p receding it. Since April 2017, the ICO market has been growing rapidly by more than 100% every month, and 30 or more I COs a re being l aunched in July 2 017.

COMSA Whitepaper -   2017 T ech Bureau C orp. A ll Rights Reserved.   -  6  -



 C OMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2

Source: https://www.coinschedule.com/stats.php

The total market cap of cryptocurrencies has risen close to 6 times in just 4 months from 20 billion USD to 116 billion USD at its peak in June 2017. Contrast this with how it took the market 8 years since the launch of Bitcoin to reach a market capitalization of 15 billion USD and it creates an incredibly positive outlook f or t he f uture o f c ryptocurrency.

COMSA Whitepaper -   2017 Tech Bureau C orp. A ll R ights R eserved.   - 7  -



 C OMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2

Source: http://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ We expect t he total m arket c ap t o g row up to 1  t rillion USD by t he e nd of 2018, w ith the I CO m arket growing t o more t han 5 b illion U SD b y then. COMSA's g oal is t o target 1 00 m illion USD in 2 018 with more than 2 0 ICO projects.

COMSA I CO Solution

COMSA is not just a cross-chain controller and router. It is also a conduit for future ICOs that want to exist in the COMSA ecosystem. As part of the project, a COMSA team is now already in place to provide companies with consultation, expertise and solutions to support their very own ICOs and implement blockchain technology into their business practices, all at the same time, as a one stop solution.

Given the pent up demand, the COMSA team is forging ahead to provide consultation to companies wishing to go ICO while COMSA is building its platform. These early ICOs will be using the existing infrastructure of COMSA, such as the Zaif exchange and its technical expertise to make use of the existing independent blockchains of Ethereum, Bitcoin, and NEM to raise cryptocurrencies while COMSA builds the integrated system for them to latch onto eventually. The initial services we will be offering will i nclude:

 Business planning a nd s ervice d esign utilizing b lockchain technology, especially tokens.  Tokenizing m ainstream assets into c yberspace assets.  Legal support f or I CO a nd tokenization.  Creation o f a multi-language w hitepaper.  Token i ssuance a nd s ale u sing a c rowdsale platform  Providing a m arket o n Z aif e xchange.  Mijin p rivate blockchain technology on t he p remises or on B aaS as i nternal ledgers.

COMSA Whitepaper -  2 017 T ech B ureau Corp. All R ights Reserved.   - 8 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2

 Network fee d elegation and fiat & crypto p egged t okens t o a llow e xisting b usiness transactions o n N EM public blockchain in f iat currencies o r major c ryptocurrencies.

 Smart s igning c ontract d evelopment on t he NEM b lockchain.  Smart c ontract development o n the E thereum blockchain.

In t he future, w hen t he COMSA p latform is completed, we will i nclude the following o fferings i nto these I CO c ompanies and new ICOs with the following value added services:

 Integration with t he C OMSA C ORE  Integration w ith t he C OMSA H UB to c onnect a nd p eg between t he m ijin private b lockchain

and p ublic ones.

COMSA and Other Upcoming I CO P rojects in 2 017

Instead of future decentralized apps, COMSA focuses on existing mainstream businesses to launch their ICOs. This method of ICO not only brings legitimacy to ICOs but also introduces mainstream businesses to leverage on the cost-effective, safe, and secure blockchain technology to improve their b usinesses a nd p osition them t o b e m ore efficient.

Starting with COMSA itself as the first ICO, we will have the following ICOs scheduled immediately after, l ater in t he year.

1. Premium W ater H oldings I nc (2588.T)

Few m ore ICO p rojects a re t o b e announced i n Oct. a nd N ov. 2 017.

The above are successful businesses in the off-chain world from Japan, but the COMSA solution is not limited to just Japanese businesses, we have also started inviting businesses globally for ICOs. Details of each such ICO shall be revealed and disclosed as more ICO projects are to be announced, but suffice it to say t hat the r esponse so far has b een g reat.

The above ICO projects will proceed ahead without our core platform offerings but will be integrated when we are ready t o i nclude the COMSA p latform solution.

What is C OMSA

COMSA aims to solve the problem of bridging enterprises and their existing businesses to public blockchains. COMSA is proposing to bridge NEM, Ethereum and the Bitcoin public networks together with the mijin private blockchains that enterprises will be using. The idea is to bridge these enterprises and cryptocurrency owners so as to provide an avenue for cryptocurrency owners to spend while enterprises can have an immediate and extended market to sell their products and services and continue to develop their blockchain solutions to cater for mainstream users. Additionally, this symbiosis also allows both sides of the crypto and mainstream economies to come together on a common ground, promoting the proliferation of the crypto economy into the mainstream, vice-versa, and t herefore, help in t he widespread acceptance of c rypto c urrencies.

COMSA Whitepaper -   2 017 T ech Bureau Corp. A ll Rights Reserved.   -  9 -



 COMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2 COMSA, a project to be undertaken by Tech Bureau Corp, will carry out an ICO exercise and issue ICO tokens. This project will enable centralized businesses the ability to utilize blockchain technology a nd p repare t hem for the eventuality o f being able to f ace a m ore d ecentralized w orld.

No matter what protocol one is using, whether it is Bitcoin, Ethereum or the NEM protocol, enterprises can now choose the right technology to suit their requirements. Additionally, COMSA enables organizations that have already previously embarked on any of the protocols to still leverage additional services and to extend its reach to the other ecosystems offered by COMSA. This powerful utility using the COMSA platform, in combination with Zaif Exchange makes this offering a  holistic e nterprise class solution never seen b efore. COMSA allows enterprises to remodel and monetize their organization as a private token economy on the blockchain using the strong NEM protocol, as well as the ability to utilize powerful smart contracts of Ethereum to begin building decentralized applications. By leveraging on COMSA, the deployment and implementation of a blockchain will be much easier and faster than ever before, as well a s giving m ore b readth t o the enterprise. The NEM protocol using the mijin engine not only helps enable the business of an organization that uses it, but it also provides the bridging of existing monetary values used in trades (i.e. fiat currencies, major cryptocurrencies, etc.) onto the NEM ecosystem and Ethereum decentralized applications. By consolidating these processes, an organization can begin implementing a blockchain along with existing compliances and guidelines without affecting or disrupting its current business p ractices. C ustomers c an n ow leverage on t he b lockchain in t heir p referred currency. Tech Bureau's powerful private blockchain solution, mijin, also becomes a hub between a decentralized and a centralized economy. By pegging tokens between internal private and external public ledgers, businesses can build a high-throughput blockchain record of transactions. This not only allows organizations to obtain compelling benefits from the blockchain but also leverages on the r esources and a dvantages from w ithin these organizations.

COMSA W hitepaper -   2017 Tech Bureau Corp. A ll R ights Reserved.   -  1 0 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2

In conjunction with the Zaif exchange, which serves as a centralized trust-cum-exchange, that shall be approved by the regulators, FSA of Japan, COMSA offers an unparalleled service that allows a cryptocurrency (e.g., Bitcoin) to flow into the various networks and transact as if it is a coin in that network. What it essentially means is that a cryptocurrency from another blockchain can be transacted in the NEM blockchain as an asset, and with this asset being backed by Zaif as the trust-exchange. It can also be traded in the Zaif exchange as if it is a NEM or Ethereum asset. Additionally, the same cryptocurrency can flow into the private mijin network, into the enterprise services and get traded as if it is a cryptocurrency in that ecosystem. In other words, fiat-backed and cryptocurrency-backed tokens - from outside the native blockchain - can be traded, interchain, between NEM and Ethereum. As an example, one can virtually swap Bitcoin and USD on the NEM or Ethereum blockchains and can even forget about network fees in some cases as described above. C OMSA brings cross f ungibility of c oins i n the n etworks it s erves.

This is all made possible by utilizing the new Japanese crypto exchange regulations enforced with a strong s egregation fund clause   t he mandatory " trust" r equirement.

By pegging tokens among NEM, Ethereum, and mijin private blockchains, the COMSA solution becomes a practical "catalyst" between centralized businesses and decentralized blockchains. In addition, the offering helps contribute to the growth of the entire blockchain ecosystems in Bitcoin, NEM, a nd E thereum.

In summary, t he COMSA s olution p rovides the f ollowing:

1. Hybrid token issuance p egged b etween N EM a nd Ethereum blockchains. 2. ICO solution a nd support using the a bove. 3. Crypto p egged tokens on N EM a nd Ethereum ( BTC, E TH, a nd X EM) 4. Fiat currency p egged tokens o n NEM and E thereum. (JPYZ, Tether, etc.) 5. High-throughput p rivate b lockchain mijin for the i nternal t oken l edger. 6. Crypto e xchange Zaif to g uarantee l istings of t okens and t o i nsure pegged t okens.

The COMSA current strategy is to emphasize on bringing centralized businesses together, enhance these ecosystems with elements of decentralization, and then when the technology matures, upgrade them into additional decentralized business models. Accordingly, our policy now is to ensure that we are "as solid, as trustful, and as auditable as possible" before we emerge to be more decentralized as technologies mature. Tech Bureau recognizes how the future will be in a decentralized environment and therefore is able to bring this wealth of experience to help shape mainstream b usinesses in a dopting a nd embracing b lockchain t echnology.

With this method of solution using both private and public blockchains, COMSA works as a core controller, a hub, and a catalyst. We believe COMSA can contribute to the growth of the greater blockchain ecosystem including Bitcoin, NEM, and Ethereum by bringing more assets from mainstream into the b lockchain s pace.

COMSA C ORE

We have mentioned the COMSA CORE and COMSA HUB in the description of our project. Here, we shall define the COMSA CORE. COMSA CORE is the most essential part of our COMSA platform. COMSA CORE pegs and controls tokens between the NEM, Bitcoin, and Ethereum

COMSA W hitepaper -    2017 Tech B ureau Corp. All R ights Reserved.   -  11 -



 COMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2 blockchains as an independent service of Tech Bureau. It converts value among cryptocurrencies into pegged t okens with the total v olume controlled. COMSA CORE monitors incoming transfers of cryptocurrencies or tokens into a COMSA master account with the final destination details embedded in them. It then locks or burns that amount in the COMSA master account. At the same time, it also unlocks or issues equivalent cryptocurrencies or tokens on t he c orresponding b lockchain and s ends t hem t o t heir f inal d estination a ccount.

COMSA CORE = C onversion Network

COMSA CORE consists of a controlling application, an oracle application and 2 mijin private blockchain networks built on 9 cloud server machines, which are distributed globally to achieve zero-downtime t oken c onversion s ervice.

COMSA CORE is a hidden and private network, except for one auditable API node. 9 nodes will be totally hidden from the public and work as a conversion network independent from public blockchains.

COMSA W hitepaper -   2017 T ech Bureau Corp. A ll Rights R eserved.   - 12 -



 COMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2

Zero-Downtime COMSA CORE

There will be 9 servers built in 9 regions operated by 4 cloud vendors to achieve zero-downtime service. We are currently planning a 50 tx/s capacity (4.32 million tx/day) with 8GB of RAM and 8 core CPU on each node. So far we have built dozens of zero-downtime ledgers with our clients using mijin for the last 18 months and also expect no down time with the COMSA CORE. The maximum throughput capacity stated above is for the internal ledgers only, with the performance of token conversion a mong public blockchains d ependent upon t he l imitation of e ach blockchain.

Oracle (Monitor)

Each server works as an oracle to observe Bitcoin, NEM and Ethereum nodes for incoming transactions. The oracle analyzes the confidence level and number of confirmations for each conversion f or a uthorizing a ny outgoing transactions.

Multi-sig Authenticator

Each server operates as a multi-sig signatory to sign all outgoing cryptocurrency or token transactions upon conversion. COMSA will reach consensus with X out of 9 nodes being used as signatories.

COMSA CONTROLLER

The COMSA CONTROLLER consists of 9 nodes that will control the total volume of pegged tokens among m ultiple b lockchains. The function of t he C OMSA C ONTROLLER i ncludes:

 Locking and unlocking of c ryptocurrencies.  Issuance a nd burning of p egged t okens.

Auditable A PI

One of the mijin nodes will be duplicated and exposed as a publicly auditable API. This special node will not have any significant impact on the security of the private blockchain network and has no power to initiate, authorize or confirm transactions, thereby avoiding any unauthorized requests or c onfirmations.

Periodic Block hashes of the mijin ledger will also be anchored to the NEM and/or Bitcoin blockchain for p roof of non-manipulation.

One of the main innovations of the blockchain is its auditability and as a direct result of that, a user's ability to trust the ledger's history. The main criticism often pointed at permissioned chains is that they can be easily tampered with, changed, or edited making their ledger untrustable. By anchoring the block headers of COMSA into the Bitcoin and NEM public chains, a full and transparent audit can take place allowing users to know the COMSA ledger has not been compromised up to the point that an attacker would have had to unwind and undo both the NEM and Bitcoin public chains to h ave h ad a chieved t heir task.

Two-Layer Ledger

As m entioned above, t he C OMSA CORE s hall be 9  servers r unning 2  m ijin networks..

COMSA Whitepaper -   2 017 Tech B ureau C orp. All R ights R eserved.   - 13 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2

The first ledger is dedicated for the conversion between native cryptocurrencies and pegged tokens. And t he s econd one is f or t he conversion among pegged tokens.

1. Native c ryptocurrency   Pegged Token 2. Pegged T oken  P egged T oken

The A dvantages o f C entralization

In the worst case scenario of a system failure, the total volume of pegged tokens might go off balance. A two-layer ledger will minimize the risk of inconsistency as a result of the failure. For conversions involving native cryptocurrencies, there is no way of rolling back the public blockchains. But, we can halt the operation of the COMSA CORE as a circuit breaker. We can then do a reconciliation of the d iscrepancy a nd adjust the balances a ccordingly. In the event of a public blockchain facing a hard fork, as a centralized service, and like existing crypto exchanges, COMSA can halt the conversion service and decide which fork to adopt as a legitimate chain. Depending on the business rules, we could also adopt and accept both forks as 2 separate b lockchains. Those incidents are technically hard for decentralized applications to handle. COMSA CORE, as a centralized and independent service, will prioritize the benefit and experience of both the businesses and users.

COMSA HUB

COMSA HUB is a software for licensed holders of mijin private blockchains to control token balances b etween master p ublic b lockchain accounts a nd i nternal p rivate l edgers. COMSA HUB can be installed as a part of any mijin private blockchain network as an independent service controlled by the business using it. Compared to COMSA CORE that handles pegging among public blockchains as a service provided by Tech Bureau, COMSA HUB handles pegging between the company's assets on public blockchains and the internal ledger on the mijin private blockchain i nside t he company's network.

COMSA Whitepaper -    2017 T ech Bureau C orp. A ll Rights R eserved.   - 14 -



 C OMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2

COMSA HUB monitors incoming transfers of cryptocurrencies or tokens to the company's public master account with final destinations included in a message. It locks that amount in the company's public master account. Subsequently, it creates the equivalent private tokens inside the company's mijin private blockchain and sends it to the corresponding account. When it detects an outgoing transaction by receiving an incoming transfer to the company's private master account with the final destinations included in the message, COMSA HUB burns these tokens on the mijin private blockchain and unlocks the cryptocurrency or tokens on the public blockchain and sends them to the c orresponding a ddress.

Fiat P egged T okens

Fiat-pegged cryptocurrencies are set to emerge and grow rapidly in the crypto landscape. A case in point is Tether, a USD pegged cryptocurrency, which grew from a market cap of about $55m in April to about $ 290m in J uly, r epresenting a  p henomenal growth o f a bout 5 27%! A couple of projects such as BitUSD or NuBits have attempted to peg the USD to their crypto currency in a decentralized and trustless manner using their proprietary algorithms, but these have failed miserably. Tether's approach is a centralized and privately owned service operated by a Taiwanese corporation, and is a futures contract derivative, backed by the USD. This method of pegging to the USD is a more effective way of ensuring that the peg is true to its value. More proof to it being a viable model is the that it is still being circulated, even after the halt of their USD account at the Wells Fargo b ank.

COMSA Whitepaper -  2 017 Tech Bureau C orp. A ll Rights R eserved.   -  15 -



 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2

Source: h ttp://coinmarketcap.com/assets/tether/

Tether(Symbol: USDT) is not only treated as if it is a standard USD pegged cryptocurrency at several major exchanges such as Bitfinex and Poloniex, it has also been proven that users prefer a stable p egged c urrency even i f it is t otally c entralized. The Japanese Blockchain Collaborative Consortium - BCCC, which Tech Bureau sits on its board, also has started a social experiment of a JPY pegged token, Zen (Symbol:JPYZ). JPYZ is currently a private token issued on the private Ethereum network as an ERC-20 token, and can be traded only among BCCC members. Participants were invited from BCCC's 150+ corporate members, and after 6 t o 9  m onths of p rivate t ests, t he token w ill b e converted i nto a public E RC-20 t oken. Using COMSA CORE, COMSA will issue pegged tokens for those major fiat pegged cryptocurrencies, and allow people to trade or contract in fiat currency virtually on the NEM and Ethereum blockchains.

Cryptocurrency Pegged T okens

With t he s ame l ogic a s fiat pegged tokens, COMSA will also issue crypto p egged t okens o n the NEM and E thereum b lockchains such as N EM:BTC o r ETH:BTC.

Business Transactions on Public B lockchains

In a combination of fiat pegged tokens and crypto pegged tokens, COMSA is now bringing practical business transactions onto public blockchains. People can use fiat or crypto equivalent values on public blockchain for smart s igning contracts o n N EM or smart contracts o n Ethereum.

One-time U se Multi-Party S mart Contracts

Mijin's upcoming new Catapult engine has a unique feature called "aggregate transactions". An "aggregate transaction" basically combines multiple transactions as a set, and allows them to

COMSA Whitepaper -   2 017 T ech Bureau Corp. All R ights R eserved.   -  1 6 -



 C OMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2 simultaneously transact upon the completion of a multi-sig sign-off from all the parties involved. Note this is not accomplished via a multisig contract, it is an atomic swap, as long as the final balances are valid. This can be thought of as a one-time use multiparty smart contract that is natively supported by the Catapult Core. This new way of thinking about and executing contracts works via API calls and takes away the burden and risk of having to write a complicated smart contract designed for long term and repetitive use. Additionally, the one-time use contract will either execute or not execute as designed depending available balances. This limits the losses in contrast to longer term smart contracts that were written incorrectly and and are subject to repeatedly being attacked.

Network F ee D elegation

For an example of an aggregate transaction, let's say Alice wants to sell 1 NEM:BTC for 300,000 NEM:JPYZ, and Bob wants vice versa, but they do not have any XEM. Now, Alice can request Zaif exchange for network transaction fee, by paying 0.00001 BTC. When all 3 parties sign the request, Zaif exchange pays 1 XEM for the network fee and receive 0.00001 BTC for that service. At the same time,  A lice and B ob c an s wap those v alues w ithout buying a ny X EM.

This new concept allows people to carry out most of the business transactions on the NEM public blockchain without even realizing the need to use the XEM native currency for the network fee. We believe this will popularize trustless transactions in native currencies as it eliminates the need for trusted 3rd party such as escrow s ervices. This new feature will be introduced in the new Catapult version of the mijin private blockchain solution first, a nd s ubsequently w ill be implemented i n t he NEM public blockchain i n 2018.

Demand for C entralized S ervice

As mentioned above, even with the long term risk of liquidation, Tether is growing rapidly as the most popular fiat pegged cryptocurrency. At the same time, instant exchange services such as Shapeshift and Changelly, also centralized services, are very popular and convenient among many users. The risk of using these services is minimum and limited to the time of a conversion and a confirmation in the destination blockchain. An asset goes through a centralized service for that instant of time, but once it is received at the destination, the asset is secured. While the blockchain

COMSA W hitepaper -  2 017 Tech B ureau Corp. All R ights Reserved.   -  1 7 -



 COMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2

was founded with the understanding that decentralization is a fundamental tenant, it is undeniable that centralized services a re a nd w ill continue t o p lay v ery i mportant r oles f or t he crypto industry.

COMSA uses blockchain technology to provide for these services. With COMSA, except for the fiat pegged tokens, people can minimize the risk of loss by disposing their assets instantly at the native blockchain level. If some exchanges guarantee the disposal of those fiat pegged currencies, the risk will be limited to that time frame. With COMSA, depending on the risk capacity, one can turn fiat currencies or cryptocurrencies into tokens first using the blockchain. We believe the benefits of these blockchains will override the risk of loss very easily, vis--vis the likes of Shapeshift or Changelly.

Japanese R egulation

On April 1st, 2017, a new law was passed and enforced to regulate crypto exchanges in Japan. Existing crypto exchanges have been given a 6-month window to register themselves with the FSA, i.e., by Oct. 1st, 2017. Tech Bureau's, Zaif, submitted its application to FSA for approval as one of the largest c rypto e xchanges i n J apan.  Approval i s e xpected t o be g iven b y  Oct. 1 st, 2 017.

This new Japanese regulation will enforce the need to have a proper audit of all transactions as well as requiring exchanges to have proper segregation of funds held in trust for both fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies. As a licensed and registered Japanese exchange, Zaif, will be able to utilize these segregation requirements of the regulation to provide better credibility than exchanges in other p laces.

All the funds received at Zaif exchange on behalf of COMSA for crypto pegged tokens and fiat pegged t okens, will b e segregated as r equired b y law.

About NEM

NEM is one of the largest blockchain/cryptocurrency projects in the world. Instead of a programing language based contract, NEM emphasizes on its Smart Asset Model and signature based "Smart Signing Contracts" available out-of-the-box via APIs. Additionally, it can utilise an off-chain smart contract t o d rive its transaction outcomes o nto the blockchain.

The NEM blockchain solution allows the creation of uniquely defined token assets in a tree-like structure, using N amespaces and S ub-Namespaces.

With the combination of both the On-chain Smart Asset Modeling, off-chain smart contracts, and Smart Signing Contracts, the powerful NEM protocol can substantially decrease the application development time b y 5 0%.

The native cryptocurrency of NEM is called "XEM", and it has grown its market cap by more than 100,000% i n 2  years t o be o ne of the l argest c ryptocurrencies i n t he world.

COMSA W hitepaper -   2 017 Tech Bureau C orp. A ll R ights R eserved.   -  18 -



 COMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2

About M ijin

Mijin is a private blockchain technology platform sold by Tech Bureau. This technology platform is developed by the same core developers of the NEM blockchain project. Based on the NEM protocol, mijin allows any entity to build high transaction throughputs in a private blockchain using a peer t o p eer n etwork.

Mijin has various use cases which prove it to be a robust and practical blockchain product. These use cases i nclude:

 World's first bank ledger solution to be tested by a  Japanese I nternet bank.  World's f irst a pplication for micro f inancing b y I nfoteria.  High throughput loyalty p oint s ystem b y H itachi S olutions.  Logistics P OC for S eino T ransportation C o.,Ltd.  POC for C hubu Electric P ower Co.,Inc.  More than 300 businesses testing or using the mijin in the CloudChain beta program hosted

by S akura I nternet: N EC, NTT Data Getronics, TIS, NRI, a nd m ore.

About Ethereum

Ethereum is an open-source, public, blockchain-based distributed computing platform featuring smart contract (scripting) functionality, which facilitates online contractual agreements. It provides a decentralized Turing-complete virtual machine, the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM), which can execute scripts using an international network of public nodes. Ethereum also provides a cryptocurrency token called "ether", which can be transferred between accounts and used to compensate participant nodes for computations performed. "Gas", an internal transaction pricing mechanism, i s u sed to m itigate spam and a llocate resources on t he network.

Source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ethereum

About Zaif

Zaif is one of the largest crypto exchanges in Japan. It is the oldest operating Japanese Bitcoin exchange, having established itself since Apr. 2014, after the failed Mt. Gox exchange as a Japanese Bitcoin exchange.

Zaif will p rovide t he following s ervices as p art o f t he C OMSA solution.

 Listing of I CO t okens.  /BTC a nd /ETH pairs f or a ll COMSA i nitiated cryptos.  Backing the pegged t okens issued b y C OMSA with segregated f unds.  Multi-language support. ( English a nd Chinese are planned in the y ear 2 017.)  Payment services t o allow holders t o p ay i n ICO t okens.

COMSA W hitepaper -   2017 Tech B ureau Corp. All Rights R eserved.   -  19 -



 C OMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2



About T ech Bureau

Tech Bureau is an international Crypto-Fintech Lab founded by Takao Asayama in 2014 in Japan. Tech Bureau had acquired Japan's oldest and operating Bitcoin exchange "Etwings" in early 2015, and relaunched it as "Zaif" in Apr. 2015. Zaif has been a token oriented crypto exchange since Aug. 2016.

Tech Bureau has raised 100 million JPY in the seed round from NTVP, and 830 million JPY in the series A round from a consortium of a few venture capital companies. Its investors vary from financial institutions to technology companies, which include Money Partners Group, Infoteria, OKwave, Hiroshima Capital, FISCO a nd C AICA.

Mijin is a commercial private blockchain product developed by Tech Bureau in cooperation with the 3 NEM core developers. Mijin is launching a new version, "Catapult", in the summer/fall 2017 and it will be a n essential p art o f t he COMSA solution.

Tech Bureau impact has been strong on listed companies in the Japanese stock market since Dec. 2015. In the report "Computer Services Industry Fintech and blockchain: The impact on Japan's IT services sector", Bank of America Merrill Lynch says, "We see the penetration of the Mijin blockchain-based platform from Tech Bureau (an unlisted company) as an indicator of the potential earnings impact on t he d omestic IT s ector."

The report also said, "We would cite Tech Bureau as a company playing a central role in the use of blockchain technology in the Japan market. The venture company develops the Mijin blockchain platform, operates the Zaif domestic Bitcoin exchange, and is at the forefront of blockchain technology with joint development of services utilizing licensed technology." They further mentioned Tech Bureau a s the "Technology c entral to spread of b lockchain a doption".

Source: https://www.dropbox.com/s/c7aug6w5wisvgsv/meryllynch-report2016-english.pdf?dl=1



Tech Bureau E xecutives



Takao A sayama

CEO o f T ech B ureau C orp. Council m ember of NEM f oundation. Director o f BCCC Blockchain Collaborative C onsortium a nd J CBA - J apan Cryptocurrency B usiness A ssociation.



Jaguar0625

A.k.a "Jaguar0625".  Mijin C TO o f T ech Bureau Corp. L ead c ore d eveloper of N EM blockchain project and a lso m ijin private b lockchain product.



Ryosuke H osoi Zaif C TO of Tech B ureau C orp.



Mitsutoshi F ukunaga CMO of T ech B ureau C orp.



Kazunobu H atta CFO of T ech Bureau C orp.



Tom Beno US region manager o f Tech Bureau.



COMSA Whitepaper -   2 017 Tech Bureau C orp. All R ights R eserved.   - 20 -



 C OMSA Whitepaper Rev1.2



Legal Advisors



Masakazu Masujima

Legal advisor o f COMSA and Tech Bureau. Partner a ttorney at M ori Hamada & Matsumoto law f irm. Ranked 2 nd for Legal Expertise in the FT 2 5 A sia-Pacific Headquartered L aw F irms.



Michio Asayama Co-founder a nd legal advisor of Tech Bureau. Partner attorney a t law of K otohira law firm.



ICO C ommittee Members



The ICO committee established by Tech Bureau are proven, credible and important persons from various communities and industries. Along with the Tech Bureau executives, the committee will provide consultation and support the development of the COMSA solutions, invite businesses as ICO projects, a nd/or d iscuss a bout t he f uture ICOs.



Lon W ong President of N EM.io f oundation. CEO o f Dragonfly F intech, Singapore.



Jeff M cDonald Vice p resident of N EM.io foundation.



Kazutaka Muraguchi COMSA partner. Venture capitalist a nd CEO o f Nippon Technology V enture P artners.



Yoichiro " Pina" Hirano CEO o f Infoteria C orp. ( TYO:3853)



Yokiko N ishimura

General m anager o f public relations and business development Money P artners G roup ( TYO:8732).



Hitoshi K ano CEO o f Fisco Ltd. ( JASDAQ:3807)



Ryuji Yagi CEO of C aica Inc. ( JASDAQ:2315)



Kaneto K anemoto CEO o f OKWAVE (NAGOYA:3808)



Yosuke Iwai CEO of Arara I nc.



Nate D'Amico CEO o f R eactor8



Kunihiro T anaka CEO of S akura I nternet I nc.(TYO:3778)



Osamu Ogasawara CEO o f ABBALab inc.



Katsuaki S ato CEO of M etaps Inc. (TYO:6712)



Yoshitomo Izura Head o f Investment Banking at T okai Tokyo Securities CO.,LTD. (TYO:2588)



Masahiko I to Senior D eputy G eneral Manager o f Corporate Planning D ivision / S enior Chief Manager of Center o f FinTech Office Mitsubishi UFJ T rust and Banking C orporation



Ken S hishido Tokyo Bitcoin M eetup G roup



Tetsuyuki Oishi CSO o f United Bitcoiners Inc.



Jin Nakamura CEO of M ONEY D ESIGN C o., L TD.



Noriyuki H irosue



Chikako S uzuki



COMSA W hitepaper -   2017 Tech B ureau Corp. A ll R ights Reserved.   - 2 1 -



 COMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2



Founder / C EO o f b itbank,inc.



PricewaterhouseCoopers Aarata L LC Partner



Partners



Nippon Technology V enture P artners

NTVP - Nippon Technology Venture Partners is one of the leading Japanese venture capital companies specialized in investments for high-tech businesses. NTVP is known for investment in DeNA, and was a seed investor of Tech Bureau. Its recent portfolio includes Robotics, AI, and blockchain t echnology.

Infoteria C orporation.

Infoteria Corporation is a leading software company providing connectivity across "computers", "people" and "things" with leading edge technology. Its best-selling middleware  ASTERIA  already supports blockchain for enterprise companies. We are eager to enhance our product features such as supporting multi-sig with non-coding environment, and exploit new markets such as I CO for v arious i ndustries.

FISCO

FISCO Ltd. is a Japanese financial information vendor. FISCO provides investment information to dedicated terminals such as QUICK, Reuters, and Bloomberg; Internet portal websites such as Yahoo!, MSN, and InfoSeek; and a number of securities companies. As a group of professionals, FISCO provides investors the best investment support services based on deep understanding and knowledge o f investment and markets. Distribute ICO m arket i nformation as a COMSA p artner.

CAICA

CAICA CAICA Inc. is a Japanese system integrator. CAICA has a strong track record in system development for financial institutions such as banks, securities companies, and life insurers. CAICA's strengths are centered particularly on development of settlement systems for financing, forex, sales office terminals, and online banking. CAICA collaborates with Tech Bureau in a wide range of fields to test and sell blockchain technology. CAICA is an alliance partner in providing testing a nd support s ervices and s ystem d evelopment f or Tech Bureau's "Mijin" b lockchain.

arara

arara in Japan is one of the largest private e-money and CRM solutions in SaaS market. arara is providing new, safer and more efficient solutions utilizing the blockchain technology. In the cooperation with Tech Bureau and ICO committee, arara plans to develop and provide ICO related services.



COMSA W hitepaper -   2 017 T ech Bureau C orp. A ll Rights Reserved.   -  2 2 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2



COMSA R esources



Official Website

http://comsa.io/



Official T elegram

https://t.me/comsaio



Official Slack

http://comsa.herokuapp.com/



Latest Whitepaper

http://i.nf/comsawpen



Official t witter

https://twitter.com/comsadotio



Official Facebook P age

http://i.nf/comsafb



COMSA R oadmap

https://comsa.io/en/roadmap



COMSA FAQs

What d oes "COMSA" stand for?

We simply translated "Chain" of "Computer Chain" into Japanese kanji " (Kusari / Sa)" and created a new word "Com Sa". It is also pronounced in the same way as French phrase "Comme a", which means "like this" in English. We would like to lead the market to show how real world businesses c an utilize blockchain technology " like t his".



COMSA W hitepaper -    2017 Tech Bureau Corp. A ll R ights R eserved.   - 23 -



 COMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2

APPENDIX 1  -  Use Cases

Use C ase -  T alent T rading Cards -

Let's say some talent management business "A" is to issue trading cards for dozens of talents. "A" issues token asset for each talent on the NEM blockchain and provides an app for users to make a collection of t hese cards. COMSA first supports "A" to go ICO for "A token" as its central currency. "A" raises a certain amount o f f unds to d evelop trading card s ervices a nd a pps. "A" creates 10,000 trading cards per each talent as token assets on NEM blockchain. Users have to obtain "A token" first to buy any trading cards from "A" or in the exchange market. Trading cards get added into the app as users collect them one by one. These cards can be swapped or transferred directly among u sers, o r t raded a t Z aif exchange. Users send those cards to the game app to play it, and playing rules are written in public smart contracts on Ethereum network. For token transfer between apps, COMSA CORE converts NEM assets into Ethereum tokens. All the fees will be charged to users by "A" in "A token" to cover network fees. The game app also allows users to win trading cards from other users which automatically g ets transferred i nto their app. These trading w ill be converted v ia C OMSA CORE.

Instead of managing the inventory of trading cards using raw secret keys or some token devices, "A" builds an inventory management system with the mijin private ledger. Any transfer of newly issued tokens can be authorized only by a multi-sig sign-off between designated operators and the management t eam. Asset information will be disclosed openly, and developers can create their own apps or web services to handle trading cards. "A" withholds all the copyrights of trading card images and can protect them from unauthorized commercial u sages.

COMSA W hitepaper -  2 017 Tech Bureau C orp. A ll Rights R eserved.   -  24 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper R ev1.2

"A" allocates a portion of revenue from new card crowdsales and conversion fees to buy back and burn "A t oken".

Use C ase - VR World Currency-

Virtual Reality is a novelty and is becoming a craze. At the same time, it is undergoing a paradigm shift in its use and sophistication. New virtual reality games will need to have a dedicated currency for e ach game i n t he v irtual e conomy. T he L inden d ollar for second l ife i s one such example.

A Blockchain solution, especially if it is running on a private network where there is more control and flexibility, is very suitable for VR games, vis--vis public chains that may have other issues running it.

COMSA is a well suited solution where currency tokens in the public blockchain can be integrated into the internal and private blockchain of the VR game using the mijin private blockchain. These ledgers will b e s ynchronized and balanced u sing t he C OMSA H UB.

This tightly coupled integration allows users to send and receive tokens from outside the VR realm to a specific user in the VR realm that is powered by the mijin private blockchain. Further, the currency can be in any denomination such as ICO issuer's token, Bitcoin, XEM, Ether, or even fiat currency pegged tokens.

This method of VR balance management now uses the blockchain to manage balances instead of a legacy database. Essentially the blockchain solution makes this more secure and efficient. The COMSA offering also allows token transfers to be ubiquitous in a few more public blockchains, thus covering a  w ide market.

A private blockchain enables a much higher throughput in excess of one thousand transactions per second, hence enabling micro transactions in real-time in the VR environment. This allows for VR games to be run on a blockchain, while at the same time, allows for public blockchain tokens to be useable i n t he V R platform.

VR token balance cannot be changed and can easily be audited using the APIs in the mijin private blockchain. Hence fraud, and manipulation of token balances is full-proof in the blockchain environment.

This highly secure environment prevents a lot of fraud from happening and also allows for user peace of mind that they can send money or cryptocurrencies into the VR environment and be sure that their token b alances will n ot b e changed or manipulated.

COMSA Whitepaper -   2017 T ech Bureau C orp. A ll R ights Reserved.   -  25 -



 COMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2

In the above example, COMSA bridges Alice's NEM:USD (public blockchain) to Bob by way of sending an equivalent pegged amount of mijin.001:USD to Bob in the VR private chain, all made possible u sing the C OMSA s olution.

Use C ase - IoT A uthentication & L edger -

In a IoT era, we have to manage millions of devices and million account balances for monetary values e xchanged among them. Blockchain technology can be the best answer for IoT to manage them, and COMSA solution would be m ost s uitable. Capacity problem always haunts us when talking about the public blockchain. There are several developing technologies such as sidechain or lightning network but COMSA proposes a realistic solution u tilizing private blockchain networks i nstead o f a n add-on layer technology. An address generated by a device can be used among multiple mijin networks with the same address. COMSA HUB lets multiple mijin networks talk to each other to sync and peg tokens, while at the same time its balance is kept consistent among these mjin networks and even on public blockchains such as B itcoin, NEM, o r Ethereum. Any device can be authenticated using a multi-sig request on a private blockchains, that can handle high throughput t ransactions. This allows devices to have their own monetary balances settled as micro transactions for their micro j obs t hey have d one, a nd a t a  high t hroughput. The ledger itself can reside inside or outside of devices. Without compromising the security, mijin let these devices i nteract w ith m ultiple p rivate blockchains on t he Internet.

COMSA W hitepaper -   2017 Tech B ureau C orp. All R ights Reserved.   - 26 -



 COMSA Whitepaper R ev1.2

With COMSA, now those devices can handle fiat pegged tokens or cryptocurrency pegged tokens directly. The owner of devices can control who can transfer the balance in the devices and to where, and can even deactivate them by removing its key from the device in case the device goes out of control. All these authentication and controls can be done using the native NEM protocol in a public b lockchain o r mijin p rivate b lockchain. These mijin networks not only can handle value or money transfers, but they can also encrypted t messages embedded on transactions. For example, one can send an order to her car to update its firmware via Over-the-air, that can be opened only by the car itself and authorized by a multi-sig. All these m essages or r equests can b e sent via t he Internet instead of VPN. Controlling I oT devices, a nd managing their ledgers are easier than ever w ith COMSA s olution.

COMSA Whitepaper -   2 017 Tech B ureau C orp. All Rights R eserved.   -  2 7 -



 C OMSA W hitepaper Rev1.2

APPENDIX 2  -  C hange Log



Change Log



Date



Rev. Updates



08/03/2017 1.0 First v ersion r eleased.



08/15/2017 1.1 "Community Vote" a dded t o "Token Functions a nd Benefits".



10/02/2017 1.2



Fixed t ypos. T ime b onus d etails a dded. I CO p roject l ist u pdated. C ommittee member changed.



COMSA Whitepaper -  2017 Tech Bureau C orp. All Rights R eserved.   - 2 8 -



