Decentralized International Multiryptocurrency Payment System

October 2017



CONTENTS

1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 2. IDEA 3. TODAY'S PROBLEM 4. CopPay SOLUTION

4.1 CopPay virtual terminal 4.2 CopPay exchange service 4.3 CopPay platform additional services  4.4 CopPay blockchain

5. MARKET ANALYSIS AND PERSPECTIVES 6. CopPay BUSINESS MODEL AND MARKETING STRATEGY

6.1 CopPay Business Model 6.2 CopPay multi-sided platform (MSP) 6.3 Loyalty program

6.4 Win-Win strategy 

7. CopPay ICO, COP tokens 

7.1 Issuance of COP tokens 7.2 COP tokens distribution

7.3 COP offering during ICO  8. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP 9. CopPay KEYS TO SUCCESS 10. TEAM 11. LEGAL 



2017



2



1. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

CopPay's ambition is to create a world in which all payment needs can be satisfied with cryptocurrency.

Our goal is to cryptofy businesses around the world.

In order to achieve this, we've developed a virtual terminal, one that can accept multiple cryptocurrencies and will be installed free of charge. CopPay terminals enable cross-border use of cryptocurrency, doing away with intermediaries between clients and merchants. There are zero transaction fees and merchants can exchange cryptocurrency for fiat money in real time. CopPay receives a 2% commission from each exchange transaction; a cost that's added to the average exchange rate and paid by the buyer.

CopPay will operate as a blockchain-based multisided platform and issue COP tokens; creating an ecosystem for merchants, their clients, and cryptocurrency exchanges. COP tokens will also become an instrument for interaction between platform participants.

To reach these goals, we'll hold an ICO between October 30th and November 30th, 2017, intending to raise 65 800 ETH, which will be used to build a viable global infrastructure for cryptocurrency.

3



2. IDEA

CopPay's ambition is to create a world in which all payment needs can be satisfied with cryptocurrency.

We propose to create a global infrastructure that will allow the use of cryptocurrencies as a method of payment everywhere in the world. We envisage millions of CopPay virtual terminals functioning around the world. CopPay virtual terminals will be installed free of charge, giving all businesses access to cryptocurrency. Merchants will be able to accept and exchange cryptocurrency for fiat money without interruption. And consumers will be able to pay for goods and services with cryptocurrency.

CopPay terminals make intermediaries between clients and merchants obsolete and ensure that cryptocurrencies can be easily traded across international borders.



2017



4



3.TODAY'S PROBLEM



Buyer issues:

Today, the market capitalization of cryptocurrency exceeds $120 billion USD. It is expected that this will double by the end of 2018, due to an increase in existing coins' value and as a result of new tokens being issued. The problem is that cryptocurrency holders are not able to use it because few merchants accept cryptocurrency payments.

Traditional payment solutions, like bank transfers and debit/credit cards, also have significant disadvantages. When making money transfers or paying internationally with traditional money, there are significant losses due to transaction fees and exchange rates.



Merchants' issues:

Merchants can't currently join the fast growing cryptocurrency economy, for several reasons:

 They lack the specialist knowledge needed to accept cryptocurrency payments

 The large number of cryptocurrency exchanges and different rates are confusing for new users

 There are big risks related to cryptocurrency volatility

 It's difficult to record cryptocurrency payments in traditional accounting systems.

However, merchants also face issues with traditional payment gateways:

 High transaction fees: up to 7%;

 Long transaction times from payment to bank account deposit.



2017



5



4. CopPay's SOLUTION

CopPay is developing an independent decentralized multi cryptocurrency platform based on blockchain technology. The CopPay blockchain will comprise flawless cryptocurrency payments, exchange and reward processes.

CopPay's platform is designed to:

 Allow cryptocurrency holders to use cryptocurrency as a mean of payment



0%

Fee



 Help merchants accept any traded cryptocurrencies with zero transaction fees



 Minimize the risk of cryptocurrency volatility for merchants by allowing them to exchange it for fiat money in real time



2017



6



4.1 CopPay virtual terminal



The main advantages of using a CopPay terminal are:



 Easy installation. The terminal is a piece of software that can be installed on any device (PC, tablet, mobile phone or Point-of-Sale terminal) or incorporated into a website  no specialist knowledge required.

 Multi cryptocurrency. CopPay's virtual terminal allows merchants to accept any exchange-listed cryptocurrency as payment for goods and services, and swap it for fiat money.

 Zero transaction fee. Merchants don't pay commission for any cryptocurrency payment received from their customers.



 Decentralization. There is no payment processor. Payments are made directly from the customer to the merchant. All cryptocurrency is placed directly into CopPay's cold electronic wallet.

 Immediacy. Payments are received within minutes, depending on the type of cryptocurrency.

 User-friendly interface. The process of adding an order for payment, billing and payment confirmation occurs in a few clicks.



2017



7



CopPay virtual terminals consist of two parts:

 An interface to receive payments; the part that's installed on a device and used by cashiers to accept payments. Several users can be added, and each can work on several devices simultaneously.



2017



8



 An electronic cold wallet; used by a business owner to manage received cryptocurrency.



The CopPay exchange is a software that facilitates communication between both merchant and cryptocurrency exchanges in real time; allowing merchants to accept cryptocurrency, exchange it, and receive fiat money in their bank accounts.



2017



9



User Case 1: Customer - Merchant cryptocurrency transaction

 Bob gets a haircut and decides to pay with Ethereum (ETH)  The hairdresser opens their CopPay virtual terminal and adds an order: for $15.  In the terminal there is an order line which contains all the necessary information for payment

in multiple cryptocurrencies. The CopPay terminal uses an average exchange rate to convert the amount in fiat money to the equivalent cryptocurrency amount.  The hairdresser selects the ETH option and a QR code displays  Bob opens his ETH wallet, scans the QR code, and pays.  Payment confirmation is displayed in the order line  The owner of the hairdresser opens his CopPay electronic wallet and sees that new ETH has been added to his account.



Client visits a store



Chooses goods or services



Payment interface

New order line is created with address in selected cryptocurrency generated by CopPay with average exchange rate

Client scans QR code using any wallet and pays



Cashier creates an order with discription details and price in fiat money



Transaction is not confirmed



Order can not be completed



Transaction confirmation displayed



Cashier completes the order



Owner's CopPay wallet

Cryptocurrensy amount displayed on electronic address of owner's CopPay wallet



2017



10



4.2 CopPay exchange service

To operate a business, you still need fiat money. Therefore, CopPay virtual terminals have a built-in cryptocurrency-to-fiat money exchange function.

Advantages include:

 The merchant doesn't pay any commission for the customer's crypto-to-fiat exchange. They receive the exact amount of local currency indicated in the order.

 Risk minimization: the fact cryptocurrency can be exchanged for fiat, reduces the impact of crypto's volatility. Plus, using the terminals, merchants don't need to worry about rate fluctuation.

If merchants do not want to store/save cryptocurrency, they can choose to operate CopPay terminal in exchange mode. To do this they must first register and complete a verification process in order to comply with AML policies.

When an exchange order is created, the CopPay terminal transfers the cryptocurrency to the exchange converting it to fiat cash and deposit it into the merchant's bank account. If no exchange at that time can convert cryptocurrency to cash, CopPay's system simply rejects the transaction.



2017



11



User Case 2: Customer - Merchant cryptocurrency-to-fiat transaction

 Bob gets a haircut and decides to pay with Ethereum (ETH)  The hairdresser opens their CopPay virtual terminal and adds an order: for $15.  In the terminal there is an order line which contains all the necessary information for

payment in multiple cryptocurrencies. The CopPay terminal uses an average exchange rate to convert the amount in fiat money to the equivalent cryptocurrency amount.  The hairdresser selects the ETH option and a QR code displays  Bob opens his ETH wallet, scans the QR code, and pays.  Payment confirmation is displayed in the order line  The owner of the hairdresser opens his CopPay electronic wallet and sees that new ETH has been added to his account  However, the owner doesn't want ETH, so he sells it using CopPay's built-in exchange, and receives fiat money in his current bank account instead



Client visits a store



Chooses goods or services



CopPay Payment Interface. Exchange mode

New order line is created with address in selected cryptocurrency with the average rate +2%



Cashier creates an order



Cashier completes the order



Client scans QR code using any wallet and pays

CopPay Platform Cryptocurrency sent to exchange



Transaction confirmed Transaction denied



Order can not be completed



Fiat Money received by CopPay



Fiat Money received by Merchant on his bank account



2017



12



4.3 Additional services

Not only will CopPay's blockchain and smart contract function create an ecosystem for a wide range of financial and non-financial services, it also aims to become a platform for COP token usage.



Businesses and customers will benefit from these, as well as terminal functions: such as CopPay's electronic wallet, reputation system, bonus programs, warranty receipts, accounting system integration, and many other paid services others that can be created using smart contracts.



CopPay Wallet

CopPay will develop a multi cryptocurrency wallet that will integrate with all other platform services. The wallet will serve as a CopPay platform interface, allowing users to store, receive, send and swap multiple cryptocurrencies  including COP tokens. It will provide all other services and any future functions that are deployed in the platform.

Bonus Programs

Every CopPay merchant will be able to create a bonus or discount program using the platform. Bonus programs will be available for customers via the CopPay wallet interface, who will be able to use them and exchange them with other buyers.



Reputation System

Any commodity-money exchange process requires a certain level of trust between the participants. Trust is built on the reputation that parties earn by participating honestly in transactions. When choosing a place to make a purchase, buyers will preferably choose merchants with a high reputation. As a result, trustworthy merchants will benefit from a higher reputation, attracting more clients. To prove their reputation, both the merchant and the buyer identify themselves on CopPay system and publish information on all successfully completed transactions.

This involves:  The seller publishing the requisites for

payment  After a successful transaction, both parties

receive a reward in the form of a reputation score.

Since CopPay works with multiple cryptocurrencies, it allows users to build a cross-blockchain reputation system, meaning that their score is visible across different crypto transactions.



2017



13



Warranty Receipts

Upon completion of the payment, the customer receives a warranty receipt: a QR-code with a hash signature showing the address and order amount. A warranty receipt can be used to confirm any given purchase.

Sometimes purchased goods are of improper quality. In this case, a merchant and a customer can conduct a return transaction. The merchant sends the seller a warranty check and gives a refund. In these cases, each party is still subject to local legislation on consumer rights protection.



Accounting Software Integration

While the CopPay team are working on an interface that allows direct integration with accounting software, it's still possible to upload transaction information in Microsoft Excel or Word.



2017



14



4.4 CopPay blockchain



The CopPay blockchain will store information on participants' reputation and provide a whole host of additional functionality.

We've chosen the DPoS (Delegated Proofof-Stake) consensus algorithm for CopPay's blockchain as it needs little infrastructure hardware making it possible to assign the most productive network participants as witnesses. Witnesses are those participants who add new blocks and receive a reward for it. This is an elected position, and any member of the network can become one: if their CopPay blockchain reputation is high enough.



There is a zero transaction fee in the system. This is done in order to make CopPay platform affordable for everyone. The payment instrument in CopPay network is the COP token, which can be used for paid network services.

Each member of the CopPay blockchain has keys that are used when working in the system. All keys are generated when the terminal software or wallet first opens. Their public key is placed in the blockchain, but the private key is stored on the user's device.



2017



Types of keys:

 Owner key: used only to change other keys if they're ever compromised

  Sign key: used to sign any blockchain

transaction   Warranty key: used by vendors to sign

warranty checks

Keys are not tied to any particular algorithm. Instead, multi-keys are used; because of the existence of national standards of cryptography in some countries and recognition of them at a legislative level.

15



5. MARKET ANALYSIS AND PERSPECTIVES



According to CoinMarketCap, the daily trading volume of cryptocurrencies in August 2017 exceeded $5.4 billion, and the market capitalization of cryptocurrency rose above $120 billion.



However, the cryptocurrency market still represents a tiny percentage of world trade. According to Deloitte, the aggregate revenue of 250 of the world's largest retail companies in 2015 rose by 5.2% reaching 4.31 trillion dollars1.



The prospects for the development of a more sophisticated cryptocurrency market remain significant, despite the fact the number of cryptocurrency payments is still negligible. The need to increase the use of cryptocurrency as a mainstream payment method is obvious. Increased usage will be a catalyst for continued growth.



1 https://www2.deloitte.com/content/ dam/Deloitte/global/Documents/ consumer-industrial-products/gx-cip2017-global-powers-of-retailing.pdf

2 https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/fileadmin/ user_upload/research/centres/ alternative-finance/downloads/2017global-cryptocurrency-benchmarkingstudy.pdf



The results of Garrick Hileman and Michel Rauchs' research show that the use of cryptocurrency as a mean of payment is apparent in both B2B transactions and C2B transactions. The average B2B payment (among the companies surveyed) was $1,878. Conversely, the average C2B payment totaled $210, and the average P2P transfer was $3512. This clearly shows that the cryptocurrencies still have quite some way to go in order to be thought a standard payment facility.

In 2013, financial authorities in developed countries started to observe the impact of Bitcoin's price rise on the world financial system. Due to the lack of interoperability with the modern banking system, Bitcoin posed a risk for regular consumers. Price fluctuated, meaning that the use of cryptocurrencies caused certain regulatory actions.



2017



16



The Internal Revenue Service (I.R.S) describes cryptocurrencies as "a digital representation of value that functions as a medium of exchange, a unit of account, and/or a store of value [and] does not have legal tender status in any jurisdiction."3 The IRS treats cryptocurrencies as property and requires gains or losses on an VC exchange.



In 2013, the Financial Criminal Enforcement Network (FinCEN) released a guidance paper stating that exchanges and administrators of cryptocurrencies are subject to the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) and must register as a Money Services Business (MSB)4. This regulation is applied only to serious cryptocurrency operators, as opposed to regular merchants who accept cryptocurrencies for goods and services.



3 https://www.irs.gov/newsroom/irsvirtual-currency-guidance

4 https://www.fincen.gov/news/ testimony/statement-jennifer-shaskycalvery-director-financial-crimesenforcement-network-0

5 https://coincenter.org/entry/theulc-s-model-act-for-digital-currencybusinesses-has-passed-here-s-why-it-sgood-for-bitcoin

6 https://www.coindesk.com/chinainternet-finance-association-bitcoinexchanges-lack-legal-foundation/



In July 2017 the Uniform Law Committee prepared a draft of the future model law on cryptocurrencies, which aims to create a statutory structure for regulating the `virtual currency business activity' of those offering services5 or products to residents of enacting states. In particular, the act would require licensure of and impose prudential regulations and customer protection requirements on businesses whose products and services include (1) the exchange of cryptocurrencies for cash, bank deposits, or other cryptocurrencies; (2) the transferral of cryptocurrencies from one customer to another. These provisions will most likely be implemented in 2018-19. CopPay considers the creation of a uniform legislation for all US states as a promising opportunity for merchants' in terms of legal risk reduction. The regulation will effectively cover only exchange services and host wallet providers .

China, as one of the biggest markets in the world, is a significant player in the blockchain field. However, recently the People's Bank of China banned ICOs (blockchain-based fundraising mechanisms). Chinese regulators then proceeded to attack the industry and imposed a ban on all cryptocurrency exchanges services6. This decision was not surprising to many experts. They believe that China will temporarily stop the



2017



17



outflow of capital, regroup, and later impose strict regulation on cryptocurrency operations 7.



7 https://www.coindesk.com/chinasico-ban-understandable-reasonableprobably-temporary/

8 http://www.ey.com/gl/en/services/ tax/international-tax/alert--cjeu-holdsexchanging-traditional-currency-forvirtual-currency-is-exempt-from-vat

9 https://www.cryptocoinsnews. com/virtual-currencies-includedamendments-eu-anti-money-launderingdirective/

10 https://cointelegraph.com/news/ two-japanese-retail-chains-will-acceptbitcoin-bitcoin-merchants-numberexplode

11 https://cointelegraph.com/news/ its-official-japan-has-eliminated-tax-onbitcoin-rise-in-trading-expected



The European Union, as a conglomerate of democratic states, appears to be a good prospective market for CopPay. No state has imposed a permanent ban on cryptocurrency transactions, and in 2015 the Court of Justice of the European Union (CJEU) prohibited the collection of VAT from cryptocurrency transactions, seeing them as a "means of payment."8 All EU countries may soon require local money services to comply with 4th AML Directive, which is currently only applies to exchange markets. The EU's uniform licensing system provides clarity and will reduce our costs. There is no specific ban or regulation for merchants at a regional level, however some national regulators, such as National Bank of Poland, published warnings about the risky nature of cryptocurrencies. That said, there are no specific actions or prohibitions for merchants.9 We consider that the EU to be a good starting point for CopPay.

Ex-British dominion states, like Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Canada, do not restrict cryptocurrency merchant activity. Local watchdogs remind traders and businesses about AML compliance. Canada and Singapore treat cryptocurrencies as virtual commodities and impose VAT on transactions. However, Australia (since July 2017) and Hong Kong do not levy taxes from the turnover. Generally, these countries demonstrate good regulatory dynamics and create regulatory sandboxes for fintech startups  including blockchain-oriented companies.

Japan is a pioneer of cryptocurrency regulation. After the Mt. Gox cryptocurrency exchange crash, the court started bankruptcy procedure and distributed the remaining cryptocurrency among its creditors. Then, in April 2017, the Japanese Parliament officially allowed Bitcoin as a mean of payment. As a result, the number of merchants that accept Bitcoin increased considerably.10 In July 2017, Japan repealed Bitcoin taxation11 and Japanese consumers are eager to invest in Bitcoin owing to the national currency deflation. Switzerland



2017



18



has declared itself as a crypto-friendly country. Its cantons offer the same provisions in their local legislation systems. Both nations are excellent prospective markets for CopPay.

Developing a cryptocurrency market in Africa could be possible too. Zimbabwe, Nigeria and South Africa declared the legality of cryptocurrency exchanges. Also, BitMari, a project based in Zimbabwe, started providing cryptocurrency services earlier this year. Also, the dominance of mobile payments and the difficulty of accessing banking services, especially in Sub-Saharan Africa, make the continent a great potential market.12

Being proponents of a greater state control, South American countries prefer to ban or limit the circulation of cryptocurrencies. Ecuador, Bolivia, and Venezuela have explicitly banned them as a method of payment. The rest of the continent has not imposed any specific regulation yet, and Brazil and Argentina have declared an intention to collect VAT from cryptocurrency turnover.To conclude, the further adoption of cryptocurrency payment is inevitable. AML regulations are creating a new reality and watchdogs tend to reject the outdated approach of treating cryptocurrencies as commodities and prefer to stimulate fair and lawful trade.

Based on analysis and trends in the world market, we feel that it is necessary to create the future now. By deploying CopPay as a global payment network, we are poised to capitalize on cryptocurrencies' exponential growth and the development of crypto-economy in general.

Based on analysis and trends in the world market, we understand that it is necessary to create the future now. By deploying the global payment network CopPay, we will be ready for an exponential growth in the use of cryptocurrencies as a mean of payment and the development of crypto-economy in general.

12 https://www.bitmari.com/core/



2017



19



6. CopPay BUSINESS MODEL AND MARKETING STRATEGY



6.1 CopPay Business Model

Since cryptocurrency represents just a fraction of the global world's economy, we expect 90% of all CopPay terminal users to work in exchange mode. In this way CopPay will receive a 2% commission from each exchange transaction. This will be paid by the buyer and will go to the company as revenue.

Another source of revenue will be additional paid services: such as a subscription. For example, say a merchant wants to participate in a reputation system in order to promote his services in the marketplace. He wants to get attention from buyers who are interested in store reputation. To do this, the merchant can subscribe to CopPay'd reputation program and will pay a small monthly fee (in COP tokens).



After the ICO is over, 10% of the collected amount will be used to form a fund to buy back COP token. This fund will be replenished by the profit received from the activities of the CopPay exchange in the amount of 90% of the net income. COP can be redeemed at the expense of the fund. After that these tokens will be removed from the system and destroyed. The redemption value of one COP is equal to the volume of the fund divided by the number of COPs in the network. Thus, all network members are interested in the fastest distribution of the network. Despite the volatility of COP's market value, COP owners can always count on the minimum redemption value. The longer the owners of COPs keep tokens, the greater the benefit they receive over time.



6.2 CopPay multi-sided platform (MSP)



CopPay's main goal is to create a network of virtual terminals; that are installed and functioning all over the world.

Our strategy is to become a multi-sided platform: an organization that creates value primarily by enabling direct interactions between two or more distinct types of affiliated customers.



We connect three major user groups: clients with cryptocurrencies, merchants, and cryptocurrency exchanges. The more merchants accept payments with cryptocurrency, the more clients can use this payment option. CopPay will start with one region, attract a critical mass of participants from each group to achieve economies of scale, before moving to new markets.



2017



20



Our first region of operations will be the EU. We will focus on Germany and Holland



as they're home to a large number of cryptocurrency holders and miners



6.3 Loyalty program

In order to enter the market and attract merchants (stores, e-commerce, mobile payment systems), the loyalty program is created. 0,3% of each exchange transaction



will be sent as a reward to merchant in form of COP token. The loyalty program will last until the critical mass of participating merchants is achieved in each region.



6.4 Win-Win strategy

At CopPay, our aim is to create a platform where each participant can benefit from its use.

Clients' benefit:

  More outlets accept cryptocurrency   No need to exchange crypto for fiat money

Merchants' benefits:

  More clients attracted to the store accepting cryptocurrency

  No payment transaction fee   Client pays with cryptocurrency   Merchant receives fiat money if desired

Exchanges' benefits:

  A bigger volume of trades   More liquidity

COP holders' benefits:

 COP value increase because of CopPay MSP effect  COP liquidity provided by the CopPay fund  Additional CopPay platform services using COP tokens as currency



New cryptocurrency issuers will benefit from adding liquidity to a new cryptocurrency.

The more cryptocurrency is used as a mean of payment, the more valuable it will become. In this way, the capitalization of cryptocurrency will increase exponentially.



2017



21



7. CopPay ICO and COP tokens



7.1 Issuing COP tokens

Those who wish to participate in the CopPay project, can do so using COP tokens. During the Pre-ICO and ICO process, tokens will be released in the ERC20 standard on the Ethereum platform. In the future, after the CopPay blockchain



launches, it will be possible to transfer COP tokens to it. COP is qualified as a Utility Coin and will become both an instrument for interaction between participants in the system, and an indicator of the project's success.



7.2 COP tokens distribution

CopPay plans to issue a fixed amount of 2,325,000,000 COP tokens.



75 000 000 Pre-Ico 1 250 200 000 ICO sale 999 800 000 Core Team, Advisors and Rewards Total 2 325 000 000



2017



22



7.3 COP offering during ICO



ICO start date and time ICO end date and time Number of COP offered Number of COP for 1 ETH ICO price, ETH Maximum ICO funding goal (Hard cap) Minimum ICO funding target (Soft cap), % of Maximum goal Token Issuance



30 Oct. 2017, 12 PM UTC 30 Nov. 2017, 12 PM UTC 1 250 200 000 COP 19 000 COP 0,000052631579 ETH

65 800 ETH

10%

Instantly. Transferable after successful crowdsale.



Tokens that are not sold during the Pre-ICO or ICO will be frozen until the CopPay blockchain is developed.

A proportion of the tokens that are earmarked for team distribution will be reserved: in order to attract future investors and to develop additional products for the network. Throughout the project implementation, the team will report on the work performed, including the results achieved and funds spent. This information will be posted on CopPay's website once a quarter.

The funds raised during the ICO will be spent on:

 Technical development (50%)  CopPay fund (10%)  Marketing and Sales (20%)  Operations (10%)  Legal and Regulation (10%)



2017



23



8. PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT ROADMAP



January 2017 June 2017

August-September 2017 IV Quarter 2017 I Quarter 2018 II Quarter 2018 III Quarter 2018

IV Quarter 2018 and 2019

FUTURE



Two blockchain enthusiasts came up with an idea to start accepting cryptocurrency in stores in Belarus.

Alpha-version of CopPay's virtual terminal was created and installed in TYREPLUS, a Minskbased tire retailer which already accepts Bitcoin, Ethereum, Steem and Golos coins.

CopPay launches a Pre-ICO and continues product development. Alpha-version is installed in several more shops in Belarus and Chile. Beta-version is completed.

CopPay ICO. Launch of cryptocurrency exchange for fiat money. CopPay becomes available in Germany, Holland, and the Baltic countries. Incorporation in Zug, Switzerland.

CopPay enters several other Western European markets.

The CopPay blockchain is up and running. The company establishes a presence in Asia. Exchange 2.0 launches.

CopPay develops a marketplace for retail terminal services. The company launches formally in South America.

CopPay continues to increase the scale and growth of its network turnover. The company launches in African and North American markets.

We continue to develop a CopPay ecosystem for a wide range of financial services, using smart contracts.

24



9. CopPay KEYS TO SUCCESS

We are an experienced team of professionals who have strong competencies in business development, IT development, digital marketing and international communications.

Our organizational structure is designed by Dr. Ichak Adizes, one of the world's leading experts in improving business performance. He is a member of our Board of Directors.

We offer a robust technological platform that will function in connection with an excellent Help Desk which will support our clients ondemand.

We will hire a strong CFO whose primary responsibility will be to effectively manage CopPay's funds.



2017



25



10. TEAM



Vladimir Serzhanovich

Co-founder of CopPay project, Chairman of the Board of Directors.

A 19 year business veteran, who has built a number of successful retail and service companies from scratch. He's also the founder of the blockchain laboratory ConsensusLab. At CopPay, he is actively engaged in attracting investment, as well as building a team and finessing business processes. LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/vserzhanovich/

Dr. Ichak Adizes

Member of CopPay's Board of Directors. He is the brains behind a proprietary methodology that enables corporations, governments, and complex organizations to achieve exceptional results and manage accelerated change. Dr. Adizes holds 19 honorary doctorates from universities in ten countries, is founder of the Adizes Institute, based in Santa Barbara, California, an international consulting company for clients in the public and private sectors. In addition to consulting to prime ministers and cabinet-level officers throughout the world, Dr. Adizes has worked with a wide variety of companies: ranging from startups to Fortune 500 companies. http://www.ichakadizes.com/about-2/



2017



26



Timur Kornienko

Co-founder of CopPay. A programmer who trained at the Minsk College of Entrepreneurship, and is experienced in Information Systems and Technologies as well as the Economics of BSUIR. He has organized and participated in various projects at the National Bank of Belarus settlement center including: automated cash-processing systems, inter-bank information exchange systems, and the implementation of blockchain technology in banking operations. LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/timur-kornienko-130484149/

Ina Samovich

CEO of CopPay.

A graduate of the Florida International University's School of Business Administration, she also holds a Master of Business Administration degree from Kozminski University. Ina has 10 years of experience in operational and financial management and has participated in structuring and conducting the sale of companies to investors. LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/ina-samovich-848237149/

Pavel Kazachonok

CopPay Project Manager. A digital entrepreneur with experience in digital project management, and the development and implementation of marketing strategies. He holds a digital marketing degree from Minsk Innovation University, and has attended the Mercuri International Business School as well as the University of Pennsylvania. He has seven years of business experience and has been the co-founder and CEO of several digital marketing companies working with numerous global brands. LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/kazachonok/



2017



27



Viktar Suzdaltsau

CopPay Financial Advisor. A 12 year international banking veteran with experience in finance, operations, and project management. He holds a finance degree from the Belarusian State Economic University, and a Masters' degree in management, accounting, and taxation from Warsaw High School of Economics named after Edward Wiszniewsky. He's also taken a course in Machine Learning at Stanford University.

Pavel Zametniy

Product designer. 8 years of experience, focusing on Interactive experiences and Apps. Co-Founder of Jazzpixels design studio. Worked as Product designer on dating startup in Prague, Czech Republic for 1 year together with multi-cultural team, after it was sold to the East, Pavel relocated to Minsk and joined #1 Financial startup in Belarus founded by Victor Prokopenya  "exp(capital)" in a role of Senior UX/UI designer. LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/mynetwork/

Alexey Dubov

IT & Security Expert. IT specialist with 11 years of experience. Participating in various projects as software developer and lead software developer. Banking software, web projects, back-end development for mobile and web applications, Multitenant SaaS applications. Education: Belarusian State University, Faculty of Applied Mathematics and Computer Science, Computer Security specialty. LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexey-dubrov-3a0a8142/



2017



28



Scott Malsbury

ICO and Development Expert.

Along with previous proven Fintech ICO adivisory experience, he has over 20-year expertise in internationally Senior Business management roles for the world's largest oil companies and providers both on and offshore. Has big experience with multi billion dollar projects throughout Asia, Middle East, Africa and Europe from design through to turn key completion and handover. Now he decided to dive into Finance and Cryptocurrency investment taking a senior management role for CopPay.

LinkedIn Profile: https://www.linkedin.com/in/scott-malsbury-a6260b12/



CopPay - CRYPTOFYING YOUR BUSINESS



2017



29



LEGAL

Disclaimer

This White Paper is inteded for distribution solely on information purposes. CopPay does not guarantee the accuracy of the conclusions and statements reached in this White Paper. The Whitepaper does not comprise any advice by company, the directors, the investment manager or any otherperson, or recommendation to any receiver, by the virtues of participation in the token sale. This White Paper does not necessarily identify, or claim to identify, all the risk factors connected with the company. All the participants must make their own independent evaluation, after making such investigations as they consider essential, of the merits of participating in the token sale and CopPay activities. CopPay has the right to change incorporation country and jurisdiction without prior notice in order to seek the most favourable legal treatment and protection. The incorporation and jurisdiction are not limited to the European Union and/or the European Economic Area and can be changed without prior notice.

Regional restrictions

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any CopPay tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of Singapore, or other Singapore Person. "Singapore Person" is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the Singapore or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of Singapore. You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any CopPay tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of the People`s Republic of China (,,PRC"), or other PRC Person. ,,PRC Person is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the People`s Republic of China, or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of the People`s Republic of China. Furthermore, green card holders of the United States or citizens or residents (tax or otherwise) of the United States of America, Singapore or China, or other U.S., Singapore Person or PRC Person, are not eligible to register for the token sale.

Limitation of liability

Moreover, this White Paper is provided "as is" with no representations and warranties, expressed or implied, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title or noninfringement; (ii) that the contents of this white paper are free from



2017



30



error or suitable for any purpose; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. All warranties are expressly disclaimed.

CopPay and its affiliates expressly disclaim all liability for and damages of any kind (direct or indirect, including loss of profits) arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on any information contained in this White Paper, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. Under no circumstances CopPay or its affiliates will be liable to any person, entity, partners, partner's customer or end-users for any consequential, incidental, direct, indirect, special or punitive damages, including without limitation damages for lost profits, revenues, lost business or loss of use of products whether or not CopPay advised in this White Paper or any of the content contained herein, that such damages will or may occur, and whether such damages are claimed based on breach of contract, negligence, strict liability in tort or any other legal or equitable theory. No action regardless of form, arising out of this White Paper may be brought against CopPay.

Also, CopPay and its affiliates expressly disclaim all liability for (i) any security risk such as hacker attacks, loss of password, loss of private key, or similar; (i) mistakes or errors in code, text, or images; (iii) any losses resulting from the volatility in pricing of in any countries and cryptocurrency and CopPay activities.

This website and the CopPay tokens are provided on an "as is" basis and without any warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. You assume all responsibility and risk with respect to your use of the website and purchasing of any amount of the CopPay tokens and their use. If applicable law does not allow all or any part of the above limitation of liability to apply to you, the limitations will apply to you only to the extent permitted by applicable law.

By acquiring CopPay and to the extent permitted by applicable law, the buyer agrees not to hold CopPay's token or any employee or contractor of CopPay liable for any losses or damages.

CopPay and its affiliates expressly disclaim all liability arising out of or in any way connected to the buyer's failure to properly secure the private key to the wallet containing their CopPay tokens: hacker's attacks, stolen devices, loss of passwords, etc.



Representation and warranties

CopPay and its affiliates do not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.



2017



31



By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to CopPay and its affiliates as follows: (a) you agree and acknowledge that the CopPay tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction; (b) you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper; (c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this White Paper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with; (d) you agree and acknowledge that this White Paper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the CopPay token sale, or future trading of the X tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the CopPay; (e) the distribution or dissemination of this White Paper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable; (f) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any X tokens, the X tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as: (i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency; (ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (iii) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares; (iv) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss; (v) units in a collective investment scheme; (vi) units in a business trust; (vii) derivatives of units in a business trust; or (viii) any other security or class of securities. (g) you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any CopPay tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore or a citizen or resident of People`s republic of China; (h) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology; (i) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any CopPay tokens, there are risks associated with CopPay its respective business and operations and X token; (j) you agree and acknowledge that CopPay is not liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this White



2017



32



Paper or any part thereof by you; and (k) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this White Paper or such part thereof (as the case may be).

Cautionary note on forward looking statements

All statements contained in this White paper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by CopPay or their respective directors, advisors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of CopPay, that are not statements of historical fact, constitute "forward looking statements". Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All statements regarding CopPay financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which CopPay is in are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including but not limited to statements as to CopPay's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this White Paper regarding CopPay are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of CopPay to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others: (a) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in CopPay conducts its respective operations; (b) the risk that CopPay may be unable or execute or implement their respective strategies and future plans; (c) changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and cryptocurrencies; (d) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of CopPay; (e) changes in the availability and fees payable to CopPay in connection with their respective businesses and operations; (f) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by CopPay to operate their respective businesses and operations; (g) changes in preferences of participants of CopPay; (h) changes in the future capital needs of CopPay and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs; (i) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism; (j) occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters that affect operations of CopPay; (k) other factors beyond the control of CopPay; and (l) any risk and uncertainties associated with CopPay and its businesses and operations, including the X tokens.



2017



33



All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to CopPay or persons acting on behalf of CopPay are expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of CopPay to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements in this White Paper, undue reliance must not be placed on these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of this Whitepaper. Neither CopPay or any other person represents, warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of CopPay will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements.

The actual results, performance or achievements of CopPay may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements. Nothing contained in this White Paper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of CopPay. Further, CopPay disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forwardlooking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

Copyright 2017 CopPay

Without explicit permission, anyone has the right to use, reproduce or distribute any material in this White Paper for non-commercial purposes and educational use, provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited.



2017



34



