Copy The Future

Ultimate meeting point for investors and successful crypto currency traders.

We bring transparency, security, and efficiency to the digital currency investment industry. They trade  you profit.

copycrypto.trade



Abstract

As the blockchain industry expands and the number and value of crypto assets increase, the market for crypto-investing and speculation will also grow. Crypto markets are borderless, open 24/7, subject to minimal regulatory control, and offer huge potentials for growth. Because of these characteristics, crypto markets represent an incredible, new opportunity for investors over traditional markets. Currently, the crypto-investment market is primed to attract new investors into the blockchain industry. However, the learning curve for investing in crypto assets is extremely steep and the marketplace lacks sophisticated tools and information products that will encourage new users to make the jump into the crypto community. That's where copy Trader come Our goal is to lower the barriers of entry to crypto investment markets by providing all necessary tools and services that make interacting, handling and trading crypto assets easily accessible to everyone.

1



Introduction



3



Opportunity



4



Market Analysis



10



Target Users



Crypto Trader Ecosystem



10



Structure



10



Overview



10



Copy Trader Dapp



11



Copy Trader Dapp



11



Copy Trade



11



Follow Trade



12



signals



12



Copy ICO



13



ICO



13



ICO Explained



14



Importance of ICO



14



Top Funded ICO



14



ICO Analysis



14



Developers



18



Road-Map



19



Copy Token



20



2



Introduction

One of most potentially transformative use-cases for blockchain technology is the ability to create new crypto assets. Such assets are increasingly becoming an alternative to traditional capital markets because they enable new models of participation, are borderless, can be traded around the clock, are subject to much less regulation, and are easy to create. The past few years have shown a dramatic increase in trading volume, market capitalization, and number of projects using crypto tokens. Blockchain technology presents a real challenge and requires a steep learning curve even for experienced blockchain users, let alone the newcomers. Currently, the lack of proper tools creates barriers to entry limiting mainstream adoption.

3



Opportunity

Market Analysis

Crypto asset investment and speculation is a rapidly growing market. In 2017, trade volume is increasing everyday at the same time that the overall market capitalization of crypto assets grew tremendously. While Bitcoin and Ethereum still represents a large portion of the total market, the value of other crypto assets is significant and on the rise. In recent years bitcoin dropped from 95% of the market capitalization to as low as 37%. All signs indicate that we will likely see other nonBitcoin tokens increase their market capitalizations.

Crypto assets are an attractive investment opportunity for a number of reasons: Borderless 24/7 trading - while other markets have trading set hours, crypto assets are traded around the clock, from all around the world. L ittle trading friction - t raditional assets are heavily controlled. Regulations govern asset issuance and exchange, creating enormous barriers to entry for the investor and entrepreneur alike. The result is a closed garden that disproportionately benefits existing institutions and puts retail investors at a disadvantage. Even accountants charged with overseeing them can be corrupted.  Crypto assets on the blockchain offers built-in transparency, are currently less regulated, and issuing and trading are more inclusive and open to anyone. This creates an incredibly competitive market, lower costs and more opportunities for superior returns. How they will be regulated in the future is unclear, but at the moment, there is little friction and the features of blockchain technology suggest that regulation, when it comes, could be lighter than that on traditional capital markets.

Easy to issue new assets - With a few lines of code anyone can issue their own crypto asset and offer it to the world.

[1] https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [2]  B itcoin and alt-coins combined

4



Market



Market Analysis



With the enormous development of the crypto currencies and blockchain technology, new



opportunities are arising in the field of investment. Crypto markets are borderless, open 24/7,



and



offer



huge



potentials



for



growth .





Rapidly



growing



number



of



initial



coin



offerings



(ICO)



has led to more than 1000 new crypto currencies being created, which are traded on daily



basis. And they do provide amazing returns.























In order to fully realize market potential, let's have a look at market caps of top technology-based companies listed on Nasdaq and NY stock exchanges and compare them with digital assets:

 Alphabet  650 Bln USD  Microsoft  566 Bln USD  Facebook  495 Bln USD  Alibaba Group  437 Bln USD



[1] h ttps://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [2]  Bitcoin and alt-coins combined

5



Market



Market Analysis



Combined market capitalization of all crypto currencies together is currently only around 150



billion USD, which leaves lots of room to expand. The overall crypto currency transaction



volume



has



grown



a



lot



in



the



past





few



years



and



the



money



keep



flowing



either



for



the



speculative purposes of gaining capital profit or by supporting projects that are built on



decentralized platforms. During the first half of 2017, transactions surpassed the US$325



billion mark, which is pretty impressive for something a lot of "financial experts" deem to be a



niche market. This increase in value is mainly driven by Bitcoin and Ethereum. Especially now



that both ecosystems are inching closer to creating a scalable ecosystem, interesting things



are bound to happen in the future. According to Juniper research, total crypto currency transaction value may surpass $1 trillion between now and 2022.



Triple dig it growth, amazing risk -reward ratios, and promising global perspectives are only few reasons why crypto currencies shouldn't be overlooked by any investor, willing to diversify his portfolio and profit from opportunities offered by a booming market.



Investor problems











After someone does make the decision to invest in one or another digital asset, there is a sticking point: crypto currencies trading take place on multiple different exchanges, having different rules, often requiring a lengthy verification process. Most potential Investors are lost at this stage. Another problem is volatility, which can negatively affect the overall trading result of any inexperienced private investor. The learning curve for investing in crypto assets is extremely steep and only experienced

 digital asset managers can fully benefit from arising opportunities offered by the blockchain revolution.



[1] h ttps://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [2]  Bitcoin and alt-coins combined

6



Market



Market Analysis



At some point, investors evaluate option oftrusting money to a private crypto trader or afund, in



order to gain profit in newly establishedmarkets. Such decision can be very risky due tolack of



regulations



and



the



high



possibility



of





fraud.



With



such



huge



interest



and



capital



migration



into



crypto markets, it creates a perfect environment for investor scamming, "Ponzi" and pump and



dump schemes.



Participating in ICO has its own difficulties. After raising millions of dollars, many projects



either flopped, never kept their promises, or completely disappeared with investors' money. As



a result, a huge number of people lost their funds along with their belief in ICO investing for



profit. Not to mention that most private investors simply miss the most promising ICO's on the market due to the lack of awarene ss or time.



Investing in digital assets req uires experience and may become very difficult and timeconsuming journey, especially for someone who has a full-time job not related to technology or online trading industry.



Trader problems











Problems that digital asset managers have to deal with are equally challenging. Launching a personal fund requires technical knowledge, programming skills, legal paperwork as well as marketing costs and other expenses. Only several digital asset funds have gained reputation and necessary backing, while private crypto traders and newly established funds tend to look for investors in online forums, social networks or among their friends.





[1] https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [2]  B itcoin and alt-coins combined

7



Market



Market Analysis



It takes hard work, costs and many years of effort to build trust and reputation in order to

attract proper funding. As a result, many successful traders and digital asset managers are 

being overlooked and end up having no access to investors capital, limiting their opportunities

and narrowing earnings potential.



With blockchain revolution gaining momentum, more and more digital asset managers will arise offering their services to investors. We estimate that in two years' time, there will be more than three hundred professionally managed crypto funds and thousands of private traders operating on the market.



Professional digital asset managers or funds could be a smart solution for anyone, willing to get expo sure in the crypto cur rencies market. But how retail investors can find and choose the most suitable crypto currency fund? Can they be sure about the safety of investments? Is declared performance of a chosen asset manager sustainable?











Solution: Copy Trader



Copy Trader Dapp is the ultimate venue where successful digital asset managers meet new investors, while creating transparent, safe and efficient investment environment. By implementing smart contracts and technology, we automate digital asset management processes, bypass trust and insecurity issues while making investments transparent, simple and secure as they supposed to be .



[1] https://coinmarketcap.com/charts/ [2]  Bitcoin and alt-coins combined

8



C o p y Tr a d e r i s s i m p l e y e t

powerful ethereum Dapp designed t o connect crypto experts with new traders

Copy Trader ecosystem includes three synergistic CopyTrade:

Copy Trader uses different crypto exhnage api key to automatically copy trades of expert crypto traders . traders have to pay fixed or monthly fee set by expert traders to copy their trades.

Follow Trade

Follow Trade works without enetering api keys .Traders can follow by paying a fixed or monthly fee set by expert trader and moniter their portifolio and get alerts by telegram integration whenever expert trader broadcast new signals or make a new trade in any of exchange.

Copy ICO

In future Support for Erc20 based ICO will be added. Traders will be able to copy Any Erc20 supported ico from successful expert invester.

9



Target Users

Interest and media coverage of blockchain technology has been expanding rapidly in the last few years. This increasing awareness of the promise of blockchain technology has greatly expanded the number of people who can be considered potential crypto-users. These are people who are interested in blockchains, but feel intimidated by the high technological barriers of entry typical of most blockchain products.

If token creation (and therefore investments) are the most common use-case for blockchain technology, then enabling more and more people to invest in crypto assets is of the highest importance. Copy Trader will attract experienced crypto-investors to our platform. At the same time, Copy Trader social networking tools and information products will lower the barrier to entry for potential users and bring new investment dollars into the blockchain industry.

The potential growth for the blockchain space and Copy Trader comes from the asof-yet untapped future blockchain users who are interested in the technology, but currently lack the tools to participate in the blockchain economy. Providing high performance investment tools will encourage more people to enter blockchain markets.

10



The graph below visually represents the various user groups as discussed above, showing the huge potential to which crypto investments can expand.

Hard Core - users who have their life savings and salary in crypto, invest in many

types of investment instruments.

Amateurs - users who have a substantial amount of their savings in crypto. Potential - users who, with the right accessibility to investment tools, will invest in

crypto assets.

Non - u sers who hold their savings in fiat currencies and traditional assets.

11



Copy Trader Dapp -



What is Dapp?



Internet users don't have sole control over the data they share on



today's websites.Ethereum is unique in that it attempts to wield the blockchain



as a way to correct what its designers believe is a problematic part of the



internet's design.It's like a "decentralized appstore" where anyone can



publish their unstoppable decentralized apps (dapps), which unlike today's



apps (think Gmail or Uber) don't require a middleman to function or to



manage a user's information.Dapps connect users and providers directly.copy



trader Dapp offer simple yet powerful tools and ecosystem for both exper t and



new traders.







Copy Trader Goals-



M any blockchain in vestors, and certainly new users, will find it difficult to navigate the

complexity of the blockchain space, understand what assets to hold, when to buy,

when to sell, and whi ch ICOs are worth participating in. This steep learning curve creates a real barrier of entry for many people interested in investing in the blockchain

space.



Some crypto investors became leaders in discovering and assessing new investment oppor tunities. With our Copy Trader Dapp, experienced investors can monetize their knowledge and exper tise by sharing their por tfolio performance with other users. Exper t investors can earn fees and gain influence by accumulating followers on the network. More follower or copier they gain more profit and revenue they generate. On the other hand new traders and even people with no experience can copy successful trades from Copy Traders without any knowledge and experience. This will not only help new traders to generate revenue easily, but it can also attract many new blockchain and crypto investor and can be a great step in cryto trading growth in the long run.



12



Copy Trader Ecosystem

Structure

Overview

Crypto investments represent a new paradigm in investing and funding ventures. The CopyTrader product is an innovative and practical E thereum Dapp .





13



Copy Trade

Copy trade is an automated trade engine via crypto exchanges api key feature. Users can set a por tion of their holdings in crypto exchanges to copy-trade top investors. Copy Trader and the copied investor never hold any funds in the process. Copy trader only us es api key to Securely Interconnect Trades. CopyTrader will never Hold Any Api Keys . All Api Keys are encrypted using blockchain hashing algorithms, so none of user and Copy trader know your api key. Fee Structure: The user pays a recurring subscription or one time fee to copy trades from a particular investor.

Exchanges: A ll major crypto exchanges are supported with api keys . all user will be advised to disable withdrawl via api option for more secuirty and peace of mind.

Copy trader is completely decentralized and governed by a dedicated system of smar t contracts. The smar t contracts promote security and transparency, enabling developers to enhance the functionality and offering users custom modules (see developers section).This gives the user complete contr ol of their funds . crypto trade act as a marketplace between exper t traders (who want to monetize their skills) and newbie traders (who want to trade successfully without any experience and skills ). Copy Trader connects them in transparent and decentralized fashion easily.

14



Follow Trade Follow trade is a social trading feature which enables users to receive real-time trading signals from top investors. The signals are specific and detail the amount traded, assets, and the exchange or blockchain. Users can then choose to act on the signal or not. 2 types of signals are sent to user. 1 AutoGenerated Signals: These signals are daily reports of expert trader portfolio and real time notifications on changes in exper t trader por tfolio. Signals are generated automatically by the por tfolio management core which is aware of all the trades followed by the user, guaranteeing validity and transparency.

2 Expert Trader Signals: These signals are broadcasted by Expert Trader himself. These signals can be calls on potential altcoins and new market trends and updates.

 How You Receive These Signals?: All signals are broadcasted through user telegram account . Users can only receive signals from followed experts traders. The users have to connect their telegram account with copy trader .

Rating System:

All Expert Traders net performance will be visible to anyone .Users can also rate expert traders .Only user who follows or copy can rate expert traders. Expert traders can offer a unique link to thier social media followers to follow them in copy trader.

Copy ICO:

Keeping track of ICOs is getting harder and harder as their number and quality keep getting higher and higher. Copy Trader will integrates with erc20 based ICO copy feature in future. This enables the user to copy ICO from expert traders . users will never have to worry about missing a promising ICO ever again.

15



Initial-Coin-Offering (ICO): a new funding paradigm

Venture capital (VC) saw its biggest rise during the 1960s and 1970s when VC funds started focusing on fast growing companies. Those companies were concentrated in the tech sector and promised to lead breakthroughs in electronics, medicine and data processing. As a result, venture capital became synonymous with technology finance, evolving with the needs of the companies and enabling them to grow at astounding rates. One can argue that VCs played a crucial role in the technology revolution. In the blockchain era, traditional venture capitalists are taking a backseat to ICOs. ICOs enable new blockchain start ups to raise seed money by issuing crypto tokens that represent an underlying asset. One such case is the Ethereum blockchain ICO which raised more than $15 million in 2014. ICOs are a new funding model for start ups that are playing an important role in the blockchain industry, the same way VCs played a major role in the technology revolution.

16



Recent ICOs



2016 a



saw an enormous increase in ICO activity[3]:



Lisk - over $5.[



ICONOMI - over $10M [ ]



G olem - over $8.6M in 30 minutes [ ] os os - over 1 . in a few minutes



So - over



in 3 days



a cor - 153 in 3 hours.



3 https www.smithandcrown.com icos-crowdsale-history

https blog.lisk.io the-lisk-ico-has-now-ended-with-a-total-of-1 -009-btc-and- 0-million- cr-e changed-9 3d ce d fb .absod7id7 5 https www.cryptocoinsnews.com ethereum-based-iconomi-raises-10-5-million-ico [] http://www.forbes.com/sites/rogeraitken/2016/11/12/fintech-golems-airbnb-for-computing-crowdsalescores-8-6m-in-minutes/#2ba8a0e0422a 7 http cryptoeconomy.info 2017 0 0 cosmos-ico-over-17-m-raised-in- ust- -minutes

http ico.sonm.io 9 http www.newsbtc.com 2017 0 17 bancor-ico-record-153million

17



Developers

Copy Trader will make tools available for developers to extend functionality and offer greater value to users.

3rd Pa  r ty Integration - These tools can be integrated via smart contracts with Copy Trader To Optimized the Performance .

Open So urce - The copy trader architecture is built around a smart contract system which promotes transparency and extensibility. All Source Code of CopyTrader Will Be Available after launch of copytrader.

Chart Integr ation - In Future copy trader will be able to integrate in different charting and portofilio appliations and tools. copy trader will also develop it's own android and ios app with clean UI and to moniter and check portfolio of expert traders. read our roadmap for more details.

18



Road-Map

19



Copy Token (CTT)

Every feature in the Copy Trader Dapp that gives any financial value to its users will require them to pay a fee. Any user who facilitates the use of a feature which in turn gives financial value will be entitled to a payment.

This creates a creator-consumer relationship between users in the system; users can be creators and consumers at the same time.

Copy Trader will launch a ethereum based erc20 token named copy token which will be used to pay all fees on the Dapp. This creates a direct correlation between the success of the Dapp and the value of the token. The more people who use the Dapp, the more fees will be paid, the more tokens will be bought--ultimately pushing the price of the token up.

20



Copy Token Distribution

21



Bounty:

You can join our bounty campaign simply by visiting our website and signup to our subscriber list and earn $5 worth of copy tokens free . After signup you will be provided with a unique affiliate link. Promote it and recieve $5 worth of copy tokens on each valid signup.

For More Details And Support Contact us admin@copycrypto.trade



