Decentralized Gaming Ecosystem

WHITEPAPER

Integrated with:

PLINK

DISCLAIMER: This CRYCASH white paper is for information purposes only. CRYCASH does not guarantee the accuracy of the conclusions reached in this white paper, and this white paper is provided "as is." CRYCASH does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or non-infringement; (ii) that the contents of this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. CRC and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will CRC or its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses.



TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. INTRODUCTION3

2. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW4

3. BENEFITS FOR GAMING INDUSTRY6 3.1. Benefits For Gamers6 3.2. Benefits For Game Developers7

4. CRYCASH ECOSYSTEM GAMING SOLUTIONS 8 4.1. Plink Application 8 4.2. Advertising Platform for Game developers9 4.3. Marketplace11 4.4. CRYCASH Cybersport & Betting Platform 12

5. RYCASH CONFIRMED PARTNERSHIPS15

6. PROFIT GENERATION OF THE CRYCASH Legal Entity 16

7. BUYBACK STRATEGY17

8. CRYCASH CROWDSALE18 8.1. Allocation of CRYCASH Tokens18 8.2. Distribution of CRYCASH Tokens18 8.3. Distribution of Funds19 8.4. Token Details20

9. ROADMAP21

10. TEAM & ADVISORS22

REFERENCES24



1. INTRODUCTION

CRYCASH is an independent decentralized ecosystem of custom-tailored products for gamers which operates with its own utility token called "CRC". As an ecosystem CRYCASH will disrupt gaming industry by creating marketing tools, based on innovative technologies for game developers and give gamers the possibility to receive CRC tokens by completing tasks set by game developers, buy virtual goods, bett and participate in cybersport tournaments. For that CRYCASH will build an ecosystem consisting of 4 components: Plink application, Advertising Platform, Decentralized Marketplace for trading games and in-game items, Cybersport Platform. The first one will serve as a messenger and a wallet for CRYCASH tokens. Developers will use Plink as a safe payment method and a user acquisition channel that will reinvent the way developers attract players into their games. This ecosystem will be built in cooperation with Crytek GMBH, Plink and other third party developers.

CRYCASH Legal Entity will issue ERC-20 digital tokens called CRYCASH (CRC) tokens. They will be used as a payment method in the CRYCASH ecosystem. Game developers will use CRC tokens to promote their products and attract gamers, which, in their turn, will use them as currency for in-game purchases, as well as receive rewards for completing game tasks. Game developers and advertisers will get the possibility to pay for the services provided by the CRYCASH platform using CRC tokens as well as fiat currency. In case game developers and advertisers make payments in fiat currency, CRYCASH Legal Entity will provide buyback of CRC tokens in order to be able to pay gamers who completed tasks. CRYCASH Legal Entity will get a fee equal 20%, that will include 10% fee for Plink. In addition CRC tokens allow for getting access to the unique content and become one of the payments methods in products developed by Crytek GMBH such as Warface (Turkey), CRYENGINE Marketplace and future products where suitable. CRYENGINE Marketplace will be the first marketplace to join CRYCASH decentralized gaming ecosystem. However later any company or developer will be able to join CRYCASH platform using its SDK.

The cooperation between CRYCASH Legal Entity and Crytek GMBH is very important for both parties since it creates synergy effect and allows users to enjoy most of the functionality of CRYCASH decentralized gaming ecosystem at its early launch. Plink is an application that is being developed by Plink in collaboration with CRYCASH Legal Entity. It will be the first application that will be used as a wallet for CRYCASH tokens holders. In addition Plink is the first application for gamers that enables tracking achievements in games and finding new friends for cooperative game with a neural network technology. This application is integrated with CRYCASH Advertising Platform. The technology of tracking achievements will allow game developers to create tasks for gamers inside Plink. After accomplishment of every task, set by game developer, will receive rewards in CRYCASH tokens.

3



2. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

Sustainable growth of gaming industry will play a major role in establishment of CRYCASH decentralized gaming ecosystem. According to Newzoo market research in 2017 2.2 billion individuals across the globe are expected to spend US $108.9 billion on computer games. This represents an increase of US $7.8 billion, or 7.8%, from the year 2016. In addition the global gaming market is expected to reach US $128.5 billion by 2020[1].

Figure 2.1 Global Gaming Market Size, in billion US $



150

101.1

100



108.9



115.8



122.7



128.5



50



0



Market Size



Source: [1]



Digital game revenues will account for $94.4 billion or 87% of the global market. Mobile is the most lucrative segment, with smartphone and tablet gaming growing 19% year over year to $46.1 billion, claiming 42% of the market. In 2020, mobile gaming will represent just more than half of the total games market. The PC and console game markets will generate $29.4 billion and $33.5 billion in 2017, respectively[1].



Growth of in-game purchase volumes is another important factor to consider. Recently Transparency Market Research has published a comprehensive report on the Global Social Gaming Market. It is forecasted to reach US $17.4 billion by 2019. This market has three main segments: virtual goods market, advertising, lead generation. Virtual goods market will be the main growth driver for the Global Social Gaming Market with expected CAGR of 15.2% over the forecasted period. Surprisingly most of the virtual goods are purchased in so-called Free to Play Games (see Figure 2.2.) [2].



4



60%



54%



Table 2.2 Virtual goods purchases



40%



34%



23%



20%



12%



9%



9%



0%

Free to Play Games

Source: [2]



MMO Games



Social Networks



PC Games



Console Games



Casual Games



It is important to mention that currently there are no tools that would enable users to transact directly with each other, so a third party is needed. Gaming platforms usually play role of such intermediaries. However they are unable to support all countries their users originate from due to a small size of average purchases (see Figure 2.3. "Average size of purchases") and high fixed costs associated with money transfers. Such situation is a deficiency of current financial system that blockchain provides instruments to solve.



Figure 2.3 Average size of purchases, in US $

50



40



30



20



10



0

In-Game Currency

Source: [3]



Subscription Equipment Codes



Maps/ Levels



Weapons



Virtual Gifts



Power Ups



So sustainable growth of global gaming market and lack of standardized payment methods as well as inefficient advertising tools generate a need for a new highly reliable advertising instruments and payment methods that CRYCASH strives to fulfil.

5



3. BENEFITS FOR GAMING INDUSTRY

Gaming industry is international and diverse by its nature. It involves billions of gamers and millions of developers interacting. However this interaction is inefficient due to flaws in traditional financial system and outdated marketing approaches. It lacks effective tools for players to monetize their game time, collaborate and communicate. Game developers are challenged by high fees from marketplaces and high costs of acquiring users. CRYCASH decentralized gaming ecosystem solves these problems by introducing revolutionary custom-tailored products for players and developers.

The primary goal of CRYCASH is to change the way gaming industry operates by utilizing programmable logic of smart contracts, immutability of blockchain ledger and high speed of transactions that blockchain technology enables. These features are crucial to CRYCASH Platform and they lie in the core of every product or service that CRYCASH delivers. However for making the most of these features a token is necessary. CRC token fuels the Ecosystem serving as a utility token which is designed to incentivize users to interact with CRYCASH Ecosystem and make profit.

Borderless nature of blockchain with the help of CRC tokens will allow peer-to-peer ingame transactions. Distributed essence of blockchain combined with CRC tokens will create a framework for fostering interaction between gamers and developers so the latter can promote their products more efficiently. Even though CRYCASH Legal Entity is the only entity in CRYCASH Ecosystem that exercises all managerial and promotional functions it has no authority to control users and developers and, thus, it has no instruments to resolve disputes within the Ecosystem. CRC token is used to align incentives of all stakeholders of the Ecosystem.

3.1. Benefits For Gamers

Currently there are a lot of inconveniences that users face when playing games. There is no easy way to find players that would fit the rest of the squad by such criteria as gaming experience, language, location and favourite gaming time. Players spend hundreds hours of gaming time on finding valuable in-game assets that worth something on the market and then they still face difficulties with making in-game transactions. In addition there are high entry barriers for new players that want to earn money by participating in e-sports tournaments.

CRYCASH Ecosystem solves the above mentioned problems in the following way:

 Earn CRC tokens by completing tasks set by game developers  and advertisers at Plink  Pay with CRC tokens within Crytek products (for example Warface Turkey)  Pay for products and services on the CRYENGINE Marketplace  Pay for games, in-game items and trade with hard-to-get,  rare and collectible items  Team up with other players at Cybersport platform to create your  own game tournaments or participate in third party challenges  Make bets for e-sports events and win CRC tokens at Cybersport  Betting Platform  Make a cash-out to fiat money or pay within CRYCASH Ecosystem  Enhanced security of each transaction with CRC tokens thanks  to blockchain technology

6



3.2 Benefits For Game Developers

Each year game developers spend billions of dollars on customer acquisition. However considerable amount of that money is wasted due to the inefficient advertising tools that are available on the market right now. CRYCASH Ecosystem provides them with a wide range of unique tools for boosting their profits and promoting online products. Game developers will benefit from using CRYCASH Platform by:

 Gaining a critical mass of users quickly and cost-efficiently  Getting an access to a new efficient and secure way of receiving payments  from gamers  Significantly reduced customer acquisition cost  Increased customer lifetime  Enhanced engagement of new users  Possibility to use unique gamers targeting instruments (gaming activity,  favourite time of playing, gaming experience, age, gender, location and etc)  Increase in returns on per user basis due to in-game purchases  High growth of LTV driven by gamers hunt for items and accomplish tasks  from game developers for CRC tokens 

7



4. CRYCASH ECOSYSTEM GAMING SOLUTIONS

4.1 Plink Application

CRYCASH Legal Entity allows investors to earn CRC tokens using PLINK application (Plink) by carrying out tasks of game developers. Plink is a blend of messenger and social network for gamers. Its neural network allows them to look for friends to play cooperative games with. In addition Plink enables users to track each others' progress in various games, get updates on what their friends are playing at a given moment of time, form teams (squads) for daily combats, communicate with each other via voice conferences and cross-platform chats.

The technology in question (earning CRC tokens for accomplishing tasks) will be made possible by the Advertising Platform that is being developed by CRYCASH Legal Entity. This platform will serve game developers as a tool for setting specialised tasks for gamers. The aim of such tasks will be to attract new users in games. Also this platform will provide game developers with a withdrawal mechanism of rewarding gamers with CRC tokens for successfully accomplished tasks.

Let us consider an example. Warface TURKEY sets a task to a gamer with Advertising Platform. This tasks will become available for gamer through Plink. Definition of task: Register in WARFACE and kill 100 enemies with a head shot and add 5 friends. For that user will receive 5 CRC tokens.

CRYCASH decided to use Plink application to build the technology for rewarding players due to its advanced functionality that allows Plink to track gamers activities crossplatform in games. This technology will enable Advertising Platform to monitor the status of tasks assigned to gamers by developers as well as to transfer them CRC tokens. These tokens will be delivered to RYCASH wallet in Plink.

CRYCASH Legal Entity has an exclusive partnership with Plink and will promote this application among gamers. By doing this CRYCASH Legal Entity will increase number of users and enhance potential profits from advertising opportunities within the app. Advertising Platform will charge game developers 20% commission fee of the amount of the gamers' remuneration in Plink application. This fee will be split equally between CRYCASH Advertising Platform and Plink.



8



4.2. Advertising Platform For Game Developers

Feedback that CRYCASH received from game developers gives solid evidence that there is a problem of insufficient engagement of new players in video games. Developers spend their time and resources on creating state-of-the-art action games that players would love. However the latter usually quit playing before they actually get acquainted with gameplay. In fact more than half of users spend less than hour in the game after registration. That is why they usually do not have enough time to appreciate the quality of gameplay. Before, game developers had to spend their marketing budgets on inefficient Facebook ads, Google ads or some types of CPA advertising. However these marketing tools do not fit the needs of modern gaming industry. That is why CRYCASH Legal Entity introduces its very own Advertising Platform (AP) which is designed to interact directly with all products of CRYCASH Ecosystem. Currently AP utilizes Plink and CRYCASH Cybersport Platform for engaging new users.

9



Plink has a unique task setting system which allows to track users' progress in accomplishment of quests they took from developers. Currently the latter use services of advertising agencies' to attract new gamers. In this business model game developers pay for each user that is registered in the game. Usually advertising agencies use bots to create fake accounts, so it is hard to evaluate efficiency of such customer acquisition channel. In addition it is impossible to calculate the time that a user spent playing the game. As a result game developers waste their money. Task setting system via Advertising Platform (AP) in Plink introduces an elegant solution to these problems. Now game developers will be able to create special intelligent tasks in their games that can not be accomplished by bots. Essentially, CRYCASH Ecosystem is developing "Proof of Game" that will make new users prove their active presence in the game by actually playing it. It is the role of Plink to track it. As a consequence, individuals will be fully engaged into the games they play and developers will have better chances to sell in-game items. It is AP and Plink that track progress so developers have time to actually built new products. Mobile application Plink has already started to support tracking users' activity in more than 90% of the most popular games cross-platform. API of the Advertising Platform can be used by game developers to interact with users if their game is still unsupported by AP and Plink.

AP has a wide range of analytical instruments for efficiency assessment of advertising campaigns in Plink and Cybersport Platform. All the reports can be accessed through user 's profile. Their copies are also sent to the advertisers by an email. An advertiser can manage levels of access of its employees through user 's profile.

AP allows game developers to top up their account with fiat money as well as with CRC tokens. In case of account replenishment with fiat money 5% fee is charged. It is done to incentivize game developers to utilize CRC tokens as means of payment in the ecosystem. Large game developers will be able enjoy postpaid services of CRYCASH Ecosystem. For that 30% of raised funds will be reserved for token buyback and elimination of cash gaps.

Advertising Platform developed by CRYCASH Legal Entity will provide game developers with a possibility to set tasks for gamers with web interface and through the API.

Game developers can keep track the number of users that started completing tasks and monitor their progress in the game. Advertising Platform will make it possible to choose specific tasks. This will allow game developers to set tasks with wide range of specific configurations based on users online data and stats, such as:

 geolocation  gaming preferences  gaming experience  popular time playing  users sex and age

10



In addition AP will enable game developers to promote and host decentralized eSports tournaments for both professional and amateur gamers and allow them to receive CRC tokens in such tournaments via CRYCASH Cybersport Platform. Cybersport Platform will be integrated with AP as well. With the help of AP game developers and advertisers will sponsor tournaments, set sponsorship rewards and buy advertising services. As of today there are no promotional tools and platforms that would have as revolutionary functionality as AP will provide.

4.3 Marketplace

Making its way into the market, CRYCASH Legal Entity established partnership with CRYENGINE  the highly advanced development solution for the creation of blockbuster games, movies, high-quality simulations and interactive applications. Powered by Crytek, CRYENGINE is the only all-in-one game development solution for the PC and game consoles which brought into the world such legendary bestseller as Crytek's FarCry, as well as dozens of third-party games under Crytek's licensing scheme: Sniper: Ghost Warrior 2 and SNOW. Warhorse Studios uses a modified version of the engine for medieval RPG Kingdom Come: Deliverance.

Introduced in 2016, CRYENGINE's Marketplace offers developers access to Crytek's own asset library, as well as community contributed materials, sounds, and 3D objects that can be used to build their games. Now CRYCASH will be available as one of the payment methods at CRYENGINE Marketplace, in addition to traditional payment options. Paying for assets, in game items, and services has never been so easy and secure!

Game developers who sell their products at the Marketplace will also be able to receive payments in CRC tokens and either use them to reward gamers for completing their tasks, or easily cash-out to fiat currencies. This innovation will allow the CRYENGINE community to rearrange a seamless payment process for third party developers' products.

Moreover, CRYENGINE Marketplace will feature the built-in CRYCASH SDK delivering the ultimate experience to game developers. With CRYCASH SDK developers can integrate CRYCASH into their products and take advantage of making and receiving payments in CRYCASH tokens. This integration will be completed in the Q1 2018 and CRYENGINE Marketplace will provide its customers with CRC token payment method in Q2 2018.

Integration with the CRYENGINE Marketplace will be an additional incentive for the token's seamless flow within the CRYCASH Ecosystem.

The global vision of CRYCASH is to launch an independent blockchain-based Marketplace for third party developers. The CRYCASH Marketplace will become a secure and a convenient platform for purchasing games with CRC tokens. Using CRYCASH SDK will also allow game developers to cut fees which they have to pay with traditional distribution platforms  for instance, for STEAM this fee may be up to 20%. CRYCASH Ecosystem plans to expand its integration into other games and distribution platforms, such as STEAM, BATTLENET, OVO and others. Launch of the independent CRYCASH Marketplace for games and in-game content distribution is scheduled for the end of 2018.

11



CRYCASH SDK

CRYCASH SDK is designed for developers to create their in-game marketplace to sell in-game items and earn CRYCASH. By integrating the CRYCASH SDK and adding the list of game items for sale, game developers give users an opportunity to sign in using their Plink account connected with their CRYCASH wallet. After this users can make purchases in games with their CRYCASH wallet and confirm all transactions via 2FA in the app. Smart contract for GameDeveloper 's SDK will guarantee the item's delivery to the user, check user 's balance and offer him particular items etc.. Various business models will be supported (pay-to-play, free-to-play and pay-to-win).

The CRYCASH SDK won't be available publicly, but anyone will have a possibility to test it within their product or game by downloading the necessary libraries and using test access. Once the product is developed, we will verify function call to the smartcontract to exclude any possible errors in the code responsible for the transaction. This way we'll guarantee that all CRYCASH users will receive the assets they paid for. All transactions are stored in blockchain and every user can easily prove the fact his purchase has been paid for, if it hasn't been delivered for some reason.

Our libraries will work with most of the popular engines, such as CryEngine, Unreal Engine and Unity3D. Other programming languages used by game developers will be added later.

SDK methods:

 Auth (ApiKey and SellerId)  Plink oAuth  ItemsList (ItemName, Price and etc.)  Add  Remove  Transaction (ItemID, UserID and etc.)  Sell  Refund  Status  CheckUserBalance

Making transactions using CRYCASH and sell in-game items will be available using the API for GameDevelopers.

CRYCASH SDK will be first integrated with the CRYENGINE Marketplace. Eventually this SDK will be adapted, supported and developed for other popular platforms. 

4.4. CRYCASH Cybersport & Betting Platform

The global e-sports market has 14402 active players as of 2017. In 3187 different tournaments over $98 million dollars were distributed as rewards among winners . [4,5] It is important to note that such tournaments are extremely centralized and significant entry barriers prevent millions of players from becoming professional gamers. In addition to this problem e-sports industry suffers from scaling issues and lacks efficient mechanisms of attracting new players.

12



CRYCASH will build a decentralized Cybersport Platform on Ethereum. This blockchain was chosen due to functionality that can be achieved by using its smart contracts. CRYCASH Platform will allow enthusiasts to compete in their favorite games through a decentralized and automated platform which will:

1. Decrease entry barriers for both professional and amatuer players 2. Mitigate risks associated with non-payment of rewards to the winners  by different intermediaries 3. Allow less popular and known players to start participating in international  competitions 4. Reward gamers by using API of CRYCASH Cybersport Platform 5. Provide game developers with a unique advertising tool which will increase  players' engagement 6. Host tournaments for both professionals and amateurs 7. Provide access to new types of events that can be bet on

CRC token will become an inevitable part of CRYCASH Ecosystem that will allow its users to:

 Bet on e-sports events registered on CRYCASH Cybersport Platform  Win CRC tokens by competing in various tournaments. Web/PC/Game consoles/  iOS/Android games will be supported  Access additional premium functionality such as getting rewards for taking  different actions within the Ecosystem (e.g. linking social network accounts  to the Platform, attracting new users and accessing premium content  of CRYCASH)

For the first time users will have a complete control over their funds which is possible due to the decentralized nature of CRYCASH Platform. The payments and payouts made by the players and settled on the Ethereum blockchain without being processed by a bank or any third party entity. This decentralized model reduces transaction and other operating costs. Saved funds will be passed on to the consumer by adding value that competitors cannot provide. Existing centralized solutions put consumers at risk since gamers' accounts and deposits can be hacked, embezzled, or even blocked.

The CRYCASH Cybersport Platform will host both centralized and decentralized gaming tournaments.

Decentralized Tournaments

Platform's decentralized tournaments will be set up and run by users of the platform who have CRC tokens. The latter will be the only accepted tokens in the decentralized tournament ecosystem. CRYCASH plans to use smart contracts to allow gamers to create tournaments for Web/PC, game consoles (Xbox, PlayStation) and Mobile (iOS, Android) games. Similar to CRYCASH itself, these tournaments will be under full control of the players, with witnesses to verify results. In addition gamers can create their own tournaments and use their own CRC tokens or virtual assets as prizes. This will allow all interested gamers to participate in tournaments by using smart contacts embodied in the CRYCASH Cybersport Platform.

13



Centralized Tournaments Centralized gaming tournaments will take place as well. They will be run by developers and used for promotion of their games through CRYCASH Advertising Platform. These tournaments will serve as an instrument to encourage player participation within a particular game. Gamers will earn CRC tokens from sponsorship contributions from game developers. Gamers that have achieved a certain profile status based on CRC tokens earned or held, may have special eligibility into some or all of these tournaments. Future Vision CRYCASH aims to be the preferred global platform for skill- based eSports competitors and to play an essential part in shaping the future of blockchain-based projects. This project will initially focus solely on gaming community, but will expand to include all of the major competitive eSports games. Ultimately, CRYCASH will be a leading brand in competitive e-sports, affiliated with P2P gaming as well as influential regional and global tournaments. CRYCASH will also work with game developers by forming symbiotic relationships to enhance the gaming experience for all users. Doing so will encourage a higher level of participation on both parties' platforms and bring CRC tokens and decentralized applications one step closer to mainstream.

14



5. RYCASH CONFIRMED PARTNERSHIPS

CRYCASH has established partnerships with legendary brands such as Crytek's Warface Turkey, as well as achieved confirmed integration into CRYENGINE Marketplace and Plink. There are ongoing negotiations with other potential partners to expand CRYCASH network.

WARFACE TURKEY

Brought by Crytek, Warface Turkey is a fast-paced shooter crammed with cooperative and competitive action, stacks of game modes and a wealth of weapons for players to get their hands on. Gamers can choose to play as Riflemen, Medics, Snipers or Engineers as they work together and attempt to uproot the Blackwood military faction in Co-op play, or choose their side and lock horns with fellow players in versus battles. CRYCASH will be integrated into Warface Turkey as one of the payment methods for in-game items. Warface Turkey will also use CRYCASH Advertising Platform to acquire new users. Gamers will be able to earn CRC tokens by completing tasks set by Warface Turkey at Plink.

CRYENGINE MARKETPLACE

CRYENGINE Marketplace created by Crytek enables developers to access individual assets from Crytek's own library, as well as thousands of materials, sounds, and 3D objects created by the CRYENGINE community and other trusted vendors. CRYCASH will be integrated into Cryengine Marketplace as one of the payment methods allowing to pay and receive payments for assets, in-game items and services

PLINK

Plink is the first application for gamers designed for collaboration and communication among players and receiving CRC tokens for completing tasks set by game developers and advertisers through Advertising Platform. Plink will also be used as a wallet for CRC tokens holders.

15



6. PROFIT GENERATION OF THE CRYCASH Legal Entity

CRYCASH Legal Entity uses such methods of monetization that will allow company not only to generate profit but to develop and promote CRYCASH cryptocurrency and to establish new partnerships as well. Revenue sources of CRYCASH Legal Entity are as follows: 1. Payment processing

 Fee will be charged for making transactions in CRYCASH Ecosystem using

 CRYCASH Wallet. The latter will be integrated into Plink application  and will be available in iOS/Android/Desktop versions for each member  of CRYCASH Ecosystem

 CRYCASH will provide CRYENGINE Marketplace with SDK to accept payments

 with CRYCASH. CRYCASH will charge CRYENGINE Marketplace 1,5% fee  for all payments 2. Advertising platform

 20% fee is paid for the rewards a gamer receives for accomplishing tasks in Plink

 (this fee will be split between Plink app and RYCASH Legal Entity equally) 3. CyberSport & Betting Platform

 Betting fees  Tournaments sponsored by developers are subject to 4% fee of the size

 of prize pool

 In decentralized tournaments RYCASH Legal Entity provides gamers with smart

 contracts that automatically manage funds and distribute rewards. For that 2% fee  will be charged of the size of prize pool CRYCASH Ecosystem plans to establish more partnerships in the future. In addition long-term strategy of CRYCASH Legal Entity implies launch of new monetization methods.



16



7. BUYBACK STRATEGY

To secure the CRC token's stability and stimulate continuous market demand CRYCASH Ecosystem will apply its BuyBack program designed for the benefit of all token holders. Within this strategy the CRYCASH Ecosystem will buy its own CRC tokens on the secondary market (at cryptocurrency exchanges) to reward players who successfully complete game tasks picked up through the Plink application, or winners of the CyberSport Platform tournaments and bets. For this, 30% of the amount raised during the token sale will be reserved at a dedicated fund to be used for buyback in the future. In the future CRYCASH will spend up to 80% of profits for buying the CRC token at exchanges to reward users for completing tasks set by game developers. This approach will ensure CRYCASH token's seamless flow within our Ecosystem and provide for its ultimate vitality. CRYCASH Platform is going to start its BuyBack program just after the release of CRYCASH Advertising Platform in Q1 2018.



17



8. CRYCASH CROWDSALE:

8.1 Allocation Of CRC Tokens

Hidden Hardcap: revealed if 70% of the cap is reached. These will be issued once the crowdsale is completed.

Duration: The fundraiser will run for 48 days or until the hidden cap is reached, with a 1 hour minimum time.

CRC tokens can be purchased with BTC, BCH, ETH, LTC, DASH. All funds will be received and held in multi-signature wallets.

8.2 Distribution of CRC Tokens

60/15/15/10 Token Distribution: 60% of CRC will be issued to the contributors in the fundraiser, 15% to the Legal Entity's long-term operating budget, 15% to founders, team members, 10% allocated to partnerships, advisors and community grants.

Token Distribution

Long-term Reserve 15%



Advisors & partnership 10%

Team 15%



Token Sale 60%



Founders and team contributors will be subject to a two year vesting schedule.  Team tokens are locked for the first 6 months, and will be vested over a period  of 24 months total. Team members will be transferred 25% of their tokens  after 6 months, and then 12.5% every 3 months afterward.  The team list may be updated during the 24 month vesting period.  Advisor tokens are locked for 2 months and distributed fully.

18



8.3 Distribution Of Funds

All funds received will be disbursed by the CRYCASH Legal Entity.



30% 20%

30% 10% 10%



will be reserved for buyback program

will be reserved for marketing purposes and business development to popularize CRC tokens between gamers and game developers

will be spent on development of integrating decentralized technology in virtual marketplace, decentralized gamer vs. gamer match wagering, and decentralized tournament environment

will be spent on Administration/operational expenses

will be reserved for Contingency



Legal 5%

Contigency 5%

Operations 10%



ByuBack program 30%



Marketing and business development

20%



Development 30%



19



8.4 Token Details



Name Symbol Token Sale Date Token Sale End Hidden Hardcap

Bonus for all

Bonus for big investors Token Standard Token features

Token exchange rate Planed listing on exchanges



CRYCASH

CRC

December 14th 19:00 UTC

January 31th 18:59 UTC

Revealed if 70% of the cap is reached.

during the first 120 hours: +15% December 19th: 14% December 20th: 13% December 21st, 2017 - January 5th, 2018: 12% Starting January 6th, 2018 the bonus amount will decrease 1% every 24 hours until 18:59 UTC on January 31, 2018

+20% for 200 ETH+ transactions (throughout token sale)

ERC-20

Utility token

0.001 ETH per 1 CRC (i.e. 1000 CRC per 1 ETH)

15-30 February 2018



CRC is an utility token which serves as the only payment method within the CRYCASH Ecosystem. Every purchase, sale, exchange, or any other transaction on the platform will require the use of CRC tokens.

It will be used across the CRYCASH Ecosystem and will not be limited by the ecosystem in the future.

The number of CRYCASH tokens will be strictly limited. At the end of token sale, no more CRC tokens will be ever issued.



20



9. ROADMAP



Q4 2016



The birth of CRYCASH Idea







Q2 2017

arketing and industry research and reaching a primary agreement

with game developers



Q4 2017

CRYCASH TokenSale, Early access to Plink app beta for token holders



Q2 2018

Beta release of CRYTEK'S marketplace with CRYCASH SDK



Q4 2018

Release of CyberSport platform with bettings of events



21



Q1 2017

Development Plink app

Q3 2017

Development of Blockchain SDK for 3rd party developers marketplaces.

Q1 2018

 Token Emission, CRYCASH token listing, API integration CRYCASH in Warface with more than 5 million gamers

 Release of CRYCASH wallet based on Plink App/possibility to complete tasks from game developers to receive rewards for gamers

 Start of Token buyback program

Q3 2018

Release of automatic advertising platform for game developers

Q1 2019

API integration CRYCASH in 10+ games with more than 10 million gamers



10. TEAM & ADVISORS

EXECUTIVE TEAM

 Wachtang Budagaschwili  CRYCASH CEO

For almost a decade, Wachtang has been a trusted consultant in the gaming and mobile industry working with world-class developers and publishers on monetization and user acquisition. In the 3 years before CRYCASH, Wachtang was a Director of Business Development EMEA at Visa's Berlin office where he was working with merchants, retailers, app & game developers and data companies on strategic partnerships that help them monetize and bridge the online-offline gap. Wachtang is a passionate leader, speaker, networker and author who is well-known for his integrity, creativity, versatility and problem-solving skills.

Daniel Tamas CRYCASH CTO

A blockchain evangelist, Daniel has been continuously shaping the gaming industry for the past 10 years. Creating one of Europe's largest casual game studio was an experience that took Daniel from web development to games marketing, monetization analysis and optimization, all tied together by smart use of technology, third party APIs and services. Being in charge of the entire technical infrastructure at IDEA Studios, Daniel's products have reached more than 1 billion gamers. Daniel advocates for a new publishing paradigm where publishers can focus on what they do best and the blockchain to remove the advertising middle men.

Sandro Kvlividze CRYCASH CPO

An avid game developer and crypto enthusiast, Sandro has been in the gaming industry for many years. Beside his main role as a game designer for big studios as well as his co-founded game venture, he has also done production, programming and audio design. Sandro also has a postgraduate certificate from the elite Denius-Sams Gaming Academy where next generation game industry leaders are trained. The game Sandro and his team developed during the training became nominated and won an award at the GDC.

Michael Levin CRYCASH CMO

Michael is a well-known industry expert and a seasoned performance marketing professional specializing in user acquisition for leading mobile app developers, primarily focusing on Gaming, Lifestyle and Digital Entertainment. As the European MD and M&A Director at a global data-driven agency, Michael has a proven track record of growing revenues through strategic partnerships with key players in the online and mobile industry. While building and growing offices and divisions of global agencies and data companies he has partnered with game developers from all over the world and advised them on maximizing monetization and effective user acquisition.

22



Sally Shen CRYCASH CBDO

Ever since she started out in the gaming business almost 10 years ago, Sally has grown the Asian business development and marketing initiatives of several popular gaming companies and studios. She is a reputable advisor to overseas companies striving to enter and succeed in the Asian market, and as the Co-Founder and CEO of KOL MEDIA she advises renowned Chinese applications and game developers on their business initiatives outside of China.

Evgeniy Evgrafov CRYCASH Lead Developer

Evgeniy is iOS/Elixir/Blockchain Developer, the author of smart contracts for CRYCASH. With over 1,600 contributions on GitHub over the past year, his portfolio accounts for dozens of successful projects, including work for Vkontakte and RocketBank, a mobile-only full-service retail bank based in Moscow, Russia. At CRYCASH he's also responsible for security infrastructure.

ADVISORS

Faruk Yerli Crytek Co-Founder and Managing Director

Faruk co-founded Crytek with his brothers in 1999 and developed it into a world-recognized videogame developer, publisher, and technology provider which brought into the world multiple award-winning titles, including the original Far Cry, the Crysis series, Ryse: Son of Rome, Warface, The Climb, Robinson: The Journey.

Michael Khaimzon Warface Creative Director

Michael has been with Crytek for 17 years, standing at the origins of creation of the legendary Warface -- a free-to-play online first-person shooter enjoyed by more than 50 million players around the world today.



23



REFERENCES

1. The global games market https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/the-global-games-market-willreach-108-9-billion-in-2017-with-mobile-taking-42/

2. Social Gaming Market http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/social-gaming-market.html 3. Revenue by Content type: By PlaySpan&VGMarket Digital Goods Spending Report

http://slideplayer.com/slide/1713883/ 4. E-Sports Earnings https://www.esportsearnings.com/history/2017/games 5. European E-Sports Conference Brief http://strivesponsorship.com/wp-content/up-

loads/2017/04/Superdata-2017-esports-market-brief.pdf 6. Global E-Sports Market Report http://strivesponsorship.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/

Newzoo_Free_2017_Global_Esports_Market_Report.pdf

24



