WHITE PAPER

HAL FINNEY: "I was surprised because always thought that cryonics is a thing of a thing of a far future. But it turned out that it's better to rely mostly on hope and theoretically cryonics provides one more way for a possible favorable outcome".

Hal Finney, a well-known cryptografer and a bitcoin pioneer. He was one of the first programmers to work on the bitcoin source code. He was cryopreserved at the age of 58 years after five years of struggle with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis.



WHITE PAPER

CONTENTS

1) Introduction 2) Mission statement 3) Problem statement 4) CryoGen Solutions 5) Origins and development of CryoGen 6) Justification of Token 7) Opportunities for financial participation 8) Legal 9) Justification of the business model 10) Road Map 11) Distribution of funds 12) Team 13) Advisory Board 14) Articles and quotations 15) Conclusion 16) Disclaimer



WHITE PAPER

CRYOGEN WHITE PAPER

About the document

THE DOCUMENT IS ADDRESSED TO POTENTIAL INVESTORS AND INCLUDESA GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROJECT, A PLAN OF ITS DEVELOPMENT AND CONDITIONS FOR THE PARTICIPATION IN THE ICO.



WHITE PAPER

1. INTRODUCTION

From time immemorial, mankind has endured irreversible and inevitable cessation of biological activity, for which medicine still has no remedy.

The CryoGen project, as described herein, has the objective of improving and maintaining the functional integrity of any living organism by means of cryopreservation, which cannot yet reverse death, but stabilizes the condition in the meantime.

Cryonics (from the Greek   cold, frost) is a technology for the long-term preservation of tissues, organs, human beings and animals in a state of deep cooling with the intention of their restoration at some future time. This is a longitudinal study (a long-term study) which is carried out in the ongoing practice of cryonics and storage of organs and organism at extremely low temperatures. Its prime objective is to develop a technology for the reversible freezing which will give an opportunity to bring cryonics patients back to normal life in the near future.

Cryonics deals with the preservation of human bodies (after the person is legally declared dead) in liquid nitrogen at a temperature of -196  C with the aim to restore the life processes of the preserved people by means of scientific achievements of the future. Cryonics technologies are based on cryobiology. Cryobiology studies how the process of freezing influences biological objects. Its main goal is to develop technologies for prolonged, but reversible life suspension using ultra-low temperatures.

Cryobiology is a relatively young science. Its scientific foundations were laid at the end of the XIX century by P.I. Bahmetev, an outstanding Russian scientist who studied supercooling in insects and anabiosis in bats. In 1949, scientists discovered that glycerin can protect red blood cells from damage upon freezing: thus, it turned out to be a cryoprotectant.

Cryoprotectants are protective substances that help protect cells and tissues from freezing damage. The main damaging factor during the freezing is the crystallization of water. Cryoprotectants modify this process and can completely prevent the crystallization of water in a biological object (the process of glass formation or vitrification).

By the end of the 20th century, cryobiology had achieved significant success in the preservation of various cell suspensions, but not in the preservation of tissues and organs. Since 1985, some progress has been made in the field of the cryopreservation of tissues and whole organs when Dr. G. Fahy has discovered the non-toxic mixtures of cryoprotectants for the vitrification of tissues and organs.

Nevertheless, the method of organ cryopreservation that would be fully suitable for transplantation has not been developed yet, although experiments have demonstrated that 9599% of rabbit kidney cells survived and functioned for a long period after the freezing.

Recently, some progress has been made. In 2013, Arigos Biomedical (USA) achieved the ideal freezing (but not thawing) of a pig's liver. Also in 2017, a group of scientists led by J. Bishop (University of Minnesota in Minneapolis, USA) performed a reversible cryopreservation of a large fragment of a pig's heart by means of adding nanoparticles into a cryoprotectant and heating in an alternating electromagnetic field with a 100% cells preservation



WHITE PAPER

For cryonics, the most important issue is a human brain preservation. Brain tissue is the most vulnerable and extremely prone to ischemia among all biological tissues. In 1999, when Dr. Fahy invited Yuri Pichugin, our Science Director, to the US to practically implement the Prometheus project, the purpose of which was cryopreservation of slices of the hippocampus of rats, neuroscientists and cryobiologists stated that it was impossible. G. Fahy and J. Pichugin had been tried to solve this problem for two and a half years and in 2001 they achieved astonishing success: thin sections of brain tissue of rats were fully restored after vitrification according to the so-called pota the so-called potassium-sodium criterion of tissue viability. In fact, a new branch of science, neuronal cryobiology, was created.

The article was published an the beginning of 2006 in Cryobiology, the international journal (http://www.21cm.com/pdfs/hippo_published.pdf), and these developments formed the basis for the cryonics vitrification method for Alcor, the famous American cryonics organization.

Also during 2005-2007, the same team solved the task of vitrification of a rat brain and scientists for the first time achieved 65% survival of the brain tissue after vitrification. Substances that were called modifiers of the blood-brain barrier were found. Then, among 20 of these substances, two best substances were picked up and used for the development of new methods of cryopreservation of the whole brain. The best methods of cryopreservation of the whole rat brain without the application of the blood-brain barrier modifiers could give only 10-20% survival of the brain tissue.

Thus, according to the studies, cryopreservation technologies that will allow to keep intact up to 100% of human brain cells could be found in the future.

Additionally

Cryonics technologies classified by phases of their application:

http://gen.strxps.beget.tech/krio-technologii-en



WHITE PAPER

2. MISSION STATEMENT

Our mission is to give people the opportunity to extend their lives by means of advanced technologies, such as cryonics. Currently, too little of scientific resources and research funds is allocated to the study of cryonics technologies. The goal of the CryoGen project is to attract the attention of the world scientific community to this technology, to stimulate fundamental research of creating a completely safe thawing technology. Our activity will boost studies and researches in this field. The results obtained during our work can be used to improve dramatically the quality and longevity of people around the world. The crypto-economic breakthrough provides a chance to make a breakthrough in science, due to the mechanism of crowd investing, which allows attract funds to projects 2 or 3 times faster than through the mechanisms of the classical investment cycles.

3. PROBLEM STATEMENT

3.1 Ageing as a biologically irreversible process

Every day around the world more than 150 000 people will die, some from currently incurable diseases, some by mishap from external causation, but most from the one hundred percent fatal pandemic degenerative condition simply known as ageing. 3.2 Absence of donor organs cryobanks

Now there is no technology for prolonged cryopreservation of donor organs and, accordingly, the problem of creating cryobanks of donor organs has not been solved, because of the logistics that will be need to support the collection, conservation and transplantation processes. It is necessary to create medical cryonics center, which combine both clinical and scientific units. In such centers, there may be cryonics storages for people in a state of cryogenic suspended animation. 3.3 Insufficient financing of fundamental research

Studies that h Studies that have confirmed their relevance often do not continue due to a lack of adequate funding. For this reason, cryonics organizations are not sufficiently engaged in the research and development of cryonics, while in their practice they use the experience gained in the 90s of the last century and in the early 2000s. 3.4 Low life expectancy

Modern medicine, despite its achievements, is not able to cure all diseases. Only 50% of patients are cured of oncology. Mortality rate from strokes and cardiovascular diseases is high. In addition, because of the short period of donor organs storage, only one out of every four people that can be saved is saved. 3.5 Space travel

Humanity grapples with the challenges of ever-longer duration space travel. However, clearly, the life support and provisions of space travelers with nutrition during long space voyages related to huge expenses. Thus, it is necessary to create technologies for space suspended animation to make ultra-long space travel possible.



WHITE PAPER

4. CRYOGEN SOLUTIONS

4.1 Cryopreservation

Over the last 50 years scientist around the world has been developing and improving the technique of the cryopreservation of tissues, organs, the brain and whole organisms to make the future revival possible. There are two kinds of cryopreservation:

 Neuropreservation, when only the brain is placed into cryonics storage.   Whole body preservation, when the entire organism, human or animal is preserved.   Cryonics makes it possible to maintain the human body intact until scientists discover the ideal way to

restore and return the patient to life and to full health. Nowadays, there is a serious theoretical and experimental evidentiary support for the possibility of restoring biological organism and significantly prolonging a patient's life in a relatively near future. The funds raised under the CryoGen project will be used for the development, testing and implementation of the technology for the reversible freezing of human organs and small vertebrates in 5 or 7 years and amniotes and humans in the near future. Feasibility is corroborated in experiments with fragments of animal organs. In February 2017, a fragment of a pig's heart was reversibly cryopreserved, perfectly. When this technology is fully developed, an ideal biological recovery of the body after freezing and the continuation of its vital activity will become possible. 4.2 CryoGen team has the intention of developing and implementation of:

1. Vitrification (deep cooling which solidifies tissues without ice formation). We are planning to perform vitrification by means of ultra-fast cooling using cold gas blown through the whole body;

2. Ultra-fast and even rewarming with the use of cryoprotectants with nanoparticles;

3. New nontoxic cryoprotectants based on inert gases.

4.3 Space travel

Cryonics is our chance to get to remote planets and star systems. Human life will inevitably spread beyond the Earth to inhabit the space. The CryoGen project has all chances to become a leading project, which provides services for space anabiosis; soon our technologies can be used for space flights over long distances. So, the first step toward it has already been made. 4.4 Conclusion

Thus, maintaining the current pace of scientific and technological progress, the restoration of the brain and body of the cryopreserved person will become possible by the middle of the 21st century. Therefore, cryonics technologies give a real chance for a radical extension of people's lives. In conditions of rapidly developing information space, the CryoGen project combines two new revolutionary convergent technologies: blockchain and cryonics. The CryoGen project will accelerate the solution of these global problems by bringing together the most progressive scientists to develop new and improve existing technologies for a radical life extension.



WHITE PAPER

5 . ORIGINS AND DEVELOPMENT OF CRYOGEN

In 2014, the management of famous Russian cryonics company KrioRus (http://kriorus.com/)  CryoGen project leader, at the invitation of the Government of Switzerland, visited six cantons and presented its project to open the first cryonics center in this progressive country with the aim of incorporating the company CryoGen under Swiss jurisdiction.

The Ministries of Economy of three cantons became interested in the possibility of building a cryonics center in Switzerland and offered mutually beneficial terms of cooperation.

Today, we enter the last stage of coordination of the creation of a European cryonics provider headquartered in Switzerland, vital to the development of cryonics in Europe, along with DNA preservation, organ cryobanking, the inauguration of a genetic archive, and more.

In Switzerland, many like-minded people and colleagues join us. We have thoroughly studied the commercial real estate market in Switzerland and plan to acquire the best price and quality location for a cryonics center, for example, a decommissioned military base in the Alps. KrioRus owns several cryonics storage facilities in Russia, where we have mastered the installation and transfer of dewars and cryostats (up to 1.8 tons in empty weight). In the same locations, we have completely established the entire process of cryonics storage for human and animal cryonics patients and DNA samples.

KrioRus is the only company outside of the United States that produces cryostats of large volume for the preservation of patients' bodies. We are proud of our own Anabiosis. For the preservation and storage of small animals, it is possible to use industrially produced dewars of small volume, but for the preservation of the human body it is necessary to use special design dewars that are produced only in the USA and by KrioRus.

We have representative offices in: USA (New York), Italy (Mirandola), Russia (St. Petersburg) Our company has arrangements with funerary service providers in Riga (Latvia), London (UK), Kiev (Ukraine), Chelyabinsk, Izhevsk, doctors and hospitals in Minsk (Republic of Belarus), Volgograd, Samara and other cities.

We have mastered all cryonics technologies and are successfully practicing them. Cryonists from around the world flock to Moscow in order to come and study at KrioRus. KrioRus is the only cryonics provider in Europe and Asia that has its own cryonics storage for conservation and longterm storage of cryonics patients, with specialized scientific laboratories and qualified staff.

There are 56 cryonics patients and 22 preserved animals in cryonics storage at KrioRus. To date, more than 400 contracts have been concluded for the future cryopreservation of humans and animals.



WHITE PAPER

Partners and representatives of the company "KrioRus":

6. JUSTIFICATION OF TOKEN

CRYO is a combined token that allows you to: 1. purchase all available services of KrioRus in Cryo-Market (see below) with 10% off

the price. Each CRYO token is equivalent to one US dollar (ICO price), 2. participate in Neo-DAO, created for the needs of the project, for example, to vote

depending on the number of available tokens and the aggregate amount of all tokens owned by investors who have the right to manage (details below), 3. receive (if you confirm that you are not a US citizen) part of the profits. For this purpose, not less than 20% of the profit received will be directed annually. The release of tokens will be made in the amount of actually collected tokens in the pre-ICO and ICO phases of the CryoGen project. At the same time, we expect to collect during the ICO 100,000,000 tokens at a price of 1 token CRYO = 1 US dollar (hard cap).



WHITE PAPER



Cryo-Market



Today, the CRYO tokens may be used for the purchase of (prices specified with a 10% discount):







DNA preservation - 800 CRYO;







Neuropreservation  16 200 CRYO for people living abroad and 13 500 for those



permanently living in the Russian Federation;







Transportation - 3000--9000 CRYO;







Whole body cryopreservation (fill-body)  32 400 CRYO;







Animal cryopreservation - 9 000 - 32 400 CRYO (depending mainly on the size of the



animal); - Standby services (standing by the bedside of a patient)  45 000 - 90 000



CRYO;







Launching cryonics patients into space: starting at  180 000 CRYO.



Further prices for services offered by CryoGen will be brought to the attention of those who wish to use them on the CryoGen project website and in other ways.



Neo-DAO

Crypto-investors (regardless of the size of the investment) have the right to take part in the management of the CryoGen. To do this, they must make a note in their Personal account on the project's site. The "weight" of the vote will be determined by the percentage of purchased tokens from the total amount of tokens invested by persons wishing to participate in the management of the CryoGen. In this case, people who bought tokens and then spent them on the services of Cryo-Market, do not lose the right to participate in the part, corresponding to the amount spent. That is, an investor who bought, for example, 40,000 tokens and later spent 32,400 tokens on the cryopreservation of the full-body, will have the right to participate in managing the Neo-DAO as if he has 40,000 tokens in his account but not 7600. This is done to increase the influence in the management of those people who are interested in the development of cryonics.

Once a year, but not more often, the investor can change his status from "Interested in management" to "Not interested in management" and vice versa. An investor who stated that he is interested in management, but who participated in less than 50% of the voting and other online and offline events of the CryoGen during the year, is automatically deprived of the right to participate in the management of the CryoGen project for the next year for a period of 1 year. In a year, he can again choose his status.

This type of control we called Neo-DAO (or CryoGen - model), as it is slightly different from the traditional DAO model. However, we think our management model is more suitable for the development of cryonics, since it attracts a more interested contingent to management.

The level of influence of the current management and scientific and other specialists of the project will be determined by a common solution.



WHITE PAPER

Potential of the CRYO token: 1. Limited emission. The number of tokens is limited.

2. Payment with CRYO only

To pay for some cryonic options, services of digitizing archives, brain / body cryopatient and pay with a discount of 10% services on Cryo-Market is possible with Cryo tokens only 3. Participation in the project

Investors can participate in the development of the project by voting in the Neo-DAO that is being created. 4. Revenue

Every year, at least 20% of Cryogens profits will be directed to the payment of dividends.

5. Partner network

As the project develops, we will connect new companies to our partner network, which means that you will be able to pay for various services with Cryo tokens beyond CryoGen. For example, full or partial digitization of the genome in partner companies, specific scientific researches, purchase of equipment, refrigerants, etc. in our subdivisions. 6. Partial purchase of tokens (cumulative purchase equivalent)

You do not need to purchase the full product at once as you can get it by collecting a number of tokens you need over a required amount of time. 7. Ease of acquisition

Any new user will be able to purchase Cryo tokens on exchanges at the current exchange rate. Now we are negotiating with stock exchanges. The number of exchanges working with CRYO tokens will gradually increase. We will notify the crypto community about new opportunities for the acquisition and conversion of the CRYO token.



WHITE PAPER

7. OPPORTUNITIES FOR FINANCIAL PARTICIPATION

Participation in ICO CryoGen will remain open throughout all three stages:

1. Private Placement, during which, interested parties can purchase the service of the company under special conditions. Dates: October 17  November 9.

2. Pre-ICO, during which tokens will be provided with a 30% and 25 % discount. The 1st stage of

Pre-ICO started on November 7, 2017 and ended on January 1, 2018. At the 1st stage, we gave a 30% discount on our token. The second stage of Pre-ICO takes place from January 1, 2018 until February 1, 2018. At the 2nd stage, we give a 25% discount to our token. During Pre-ICO will be issued 500,000 tokens (soft-cap) or 1,000,000 tokens (hard cap). We will increase the number of tokens for sale in case of increased interest. Interested parties should email cryogenico2017@gmail.com or fill out an application through the personal account of the user on https://en.cryogen.me/.

3. ICO-stage, during which the price of tokens will vary from 85% to 100% of cover price. The exact dates are to be determined by the results of pre-ICO sales in the period from February to April 2018.

8. LEGAL

The CryoGen project team is committed to creating an unprecedented value for our investors: cryonics and progress proponents. We wish everyone who wants to take part in our innovative project, knew that its funds are safe. Tokens CRYO are issued by the organization CryoGen, which will operate under the jurisdiction of Switzerland (or in another, ICO-friendly jurisdiction) and will be managed by the well-known in the world cryonics provider, KrioRus. A principle activity of KrioRus is the practice of cryonics for cryonics patients, as well as scientific research and development in the field of natural and technical sciences. KrioRus provides clients with cryonics storage of tissues, organs, DNA, humans and animals, as well as conducting research in the field of reversible cryopreservation. The company has been providing cryopreservation services for people and animals for customers around the world for 12 years. The organization CryoGen will have an agreement with KrioRus LLC that CryoGen pays from ICO-reserved funds for cryogenic storage in a facility in Switzerland or in Russian (or in another countries), and performs research towards reversible cryopreservation for owners of CRYO tokens. CryoGen will have an agreement with KrioRus LLC that CryoGen pays for cryogenic storage of token owners from funds received during ICO at facilities in Switzerland or in the Russian Federation (or in other countries) and performs research towards reversible cryopreservation for owners of CRYO tokens.



WHITE PAPER

9. JUSTIFICATION OF THE BUSINESS MODEL

9.1. ICO Market and Industry In June 2017, the total amount of funds raised under the ICO exceeded the amount that blockchain start-ups have got from venture capital companies over the previous 12 months. Since April 2017, the ICO market is growing by more than 100% every month, and in July 30 or more ICOs have been launched. The total market capitalization of the crypto currency increased almost 6 times from $ 20 billion to $ 116 billion in 4 months, the peak of growth occurred in June. For comparison, there is a graph for the 8-year period from the time of the bitcoin launch to the point when the market capitalization reached $ 15 billion.

Source: http://coinmarketcap.com/charts/

9.2. Prerequisites for growth in demand Throughout the world, more than 20 million people die of incurable diseases every year. However, everyone more fortunate than that is doomed to die from old age. Using the results of scientific research on the life extension and our own experimental development, we can give everyone a chance to preserve their body at extremely low temperatures until the time when medicine makes a breakthrough in relation to aging and can cure premature aging and any diseases. Nowadays, people and the market are ready to accept cryonics. Increasing popularity of cryonics is promoted by scientific and technological progress and the Internet. Our potential customers like to stay abreast of the latest research in the field of cryobiology, organ cultivation, prosthetics, nanorobots, etc. Almost every month, new studies appear that one way or another reinforce the very concept of cryonics. The desire for longevity motivates ongoing scientific discovery and development in the technological sector, inspiring in the masses, and a deeper understanding of the value of life and of what should be done now that we can. According to the Levada Center, more than 18% of respondents indeed "want to live forever".



WHITE PAPER

These considerations are confirmed by the stable hyperbolic growth in the number of cryonics contracts (taking into account the contracts concluded for the future cryopreservation), which KrioRus demonstrates.

9.3. Development of cryonics in the world

Cryonics is a growing industry. Before the inception of KrioRus 11 years ago, the United States was the unchallenged leader in cryonics in the world. Since the 1970s, two large organizations, the Alcor Life Extension Foundation and the Cryonics Institute, sprang up. Nevertheless, with the advent of KrioRus, the monopoly has been broken, and in the last few years, new cryonics providers have taken root not only in the US but also in Australia and China. In Europe and Eurasia KrioRus is the only cryonics provider with its own cryonics repository.

9.4. Why Switzerland?

In Europe, cryonics is familiar even despite the absence of any European cryonics providers. There is a tremendous unmet demand. 25% of our contracts were concluded with clients from Europe. Switzerland is situated in the center of Europe and has no prohibition on euthanasia, thus making possible the best quality cryonics services now. The inception of cryopreservation in Switzerland will resolve the doubts of many potential customers who do not want to be cryopreserved in Russia or on another continent (USA).

9.5. Technical storage volumes

KrioRus is capable to cryopreserve the minimum of 300 full body patients and more than 500 neuropreserved patients annually. Developing the CryoGen project, we will scale to increase our capability per 1,000 full body patients annually. Thus, in 5 years, we will be able to save more than 5000 patients annually. In addition, the same number of neuropreserved patients. As the demand for cryonics services increases, we will increase the production of fullbody cryostats, depending on the real need. In the near future, we are planning to hold negotiations with a new potential cryostat manufacturer for KrioRus.



WHITE PAPER



10. ROAD MAP



2018



 The opening of the organization CryoGen.  Purchase of two adjacent building in Tver for the new cryonics center in Russia.

 Completion of the reconstruction project of Building 1, the beginning of its







reconstruction.



 Renovation of building 2 as a location for a palliative care center that will serve



anyone who needs of ongoing pain management, including the dying with cryonics



services, pre-cryo hospice palliative care center and cryobiological laboratories.



 Carrying out a large-scale PR campaign in Russia and Eurasia, for the build-up to the



occasion of the opening of a large cryonics center in Russia offering the highest



quality cryonics.



 Expansion of laboratory staff.  Testing different nanoparticles in order to determine the most cost-effective option with



all of the required properties (currently used nanoparticles are extremely expensive, for



one experiment - from $ 100,000).



 Reproduction of the basic experiment on reversible freezing of a fragment of the pig's







heart with nanoparticle perfusion.



 Real estate search for suitable premises for the planned Swiss cryogenic storage facility.



 Buying a suitable building or empty plot in Switzerland.



 Cooperation with Swiss euthanasia-providing organizations in order to provide the best







quality cryopreservation for our clients from Europe and from the whole world.



 reating a detailed research plan on reversible freezing of animal organs with the







involvement of leading scientists around the world.



 Completion of the project for the construction of a Swiss cryogenic storage facility or the



reconstruction of a building for it.



2019



 The opening of the palliative care center in Building 2, will facilitate amortization in the



recovery of investments in Tver.



 Completion of renovation for the Tver Cryonics Center building with a smart home







system.



 Construction of anti-ageing medical center in the Tver Cryonics Center building.



 The inception of a large PR company in Europe and Asia to attract customers to the



Swiss cryogenic storage facility with the promotion of two major conferences of



cryonics supporters in Europe.



WHITE PAPER



 Application for the first R&D grants for the reversible freezing of fabrics and small



samples in Europe and in Russia.



 Massive R&D on reversible cryopreservation of animal organs under nanoparticle







perfusion, plus other related experiments.



 Upon the completion of construction for the Swiss cryonics storage facility, full-scale







service will begin.



 Modernization of the Dewar manufacturing facility to increase production, and sales to



emerging cryonics companies in Asia, South America and Africa.



2020



 The Tver Cryonics Center having recovered all expenses of real estate purchase and



renovation will begin showing a profit. Likewise, the palliative care center, because







hospice is profitable with quick returns, in Russia.



 The Swiss cryonics storage facility will become the center of European cryonics, and







cryonics legislation will advance in Switzerland.



 The commercial euthanasia technology for "mercy freezing" will be refined and







applied. Contracts sales will increase.



 The anti-ageing center will begin receiving grants for the study of ageing and expand







activities. Clients of the anti-ageing center eventually contract as CryoGen patients.



 Reliable and safe reversible cryopreservation of the first organ of a large animal such as



a pig will be achieved.



2021



 With the Tver Cryonics Center and the Swiss cryonics storage facility operating at



full capacity, cryonics will develop in other regions, so that there will arise a need to







expand the cryonics storage network.



 With the technology of reliable and safe reversible cryopreservation of most organs of







various large animals achieved.



 Experiments will begin on cadaverous human organs.



2022







The technology of reversible cryopreservation of the first human organ will be obtained.







Initiation of clinical trials.



WHITE PAPER

11. DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS

  Building of cryonics centers and international scaling of CryoGen: 30%   Technology development: 25%   Marketing, PR/GR: 20%   Project management (including legal and administrative expenses): 15%   Strategic partners: 5%

 Reserve fund: 5%

12. TEAM

In our team more than 200 people, we present to you only some of them :

Valeria Udalova

Co-founder and CEO of KrioRus, the Russian cryonics company https://www.linkedin.com/in/valerija-pride-13a22a5a/ https://www.facebook.com/valerija.pride Valeria graduated from the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology, the most prestigious university in the USSR. She has Physics and Marketing degrees. Valeria was at the very begging of cryonics in Russia. Valeria is a Co-founder of KrioRus. She has been a CEO of the company for 8 years. In many ways due to her work and persistence, a whole cryonics industry has been created in Russia and KrioRus demonstrates extremely rapid growth rate. Valeria is one of the leaders of Russian transhumanists. She is a popularizer of cryonics.



Yuri Pichugin



WHITE PAPER



PhD, Director of Science

https://www.facebook.com/pichugin.yuri

Yuri was born in Siberia, but left for St. Petersburg after graduating from the institute to create the technology of anabiosis (cryonics) and has since worked in the field of cryobiology. He has 40 years of priceless international experience in the field of cryobiology. Yuri has created a technology of vitrification for the Cryonics Institute, the legendary cryonics organization in the USA. He has a lot of know-how, which needs to be implemented as soon as possible. He has written more than 80 scientific papers.

Igor Artyukhov

Research and Development Director

https://www.facebook.com/igor.artyuhov

Igor is a Co-founder of KrioRus. He is a biophysicist, cryobiologist, futurist and active evangelist of new technologies. It seems that Igor was the first professor of nanotechnology in Russia. He is one of the founders of the Russian transhumanist movement. In 2003, Igor performed the cryopreservation of the very first Russian cryonics patient. He is the author of significant scientific works and designs of many special devices for cryonics. Employees in the laboratory under his supervision have cooled animals to +2 C for several hours and then rewarmed them without any consequences. He has been popularizing breakthrough technologies on the Internet since the days of Fido Net.

Yuri j Matveev

Surgeon and Perfusionist. He has a unique experience in the field of cryonics. Yuri has performed numerous cryopreservations of people and animals, including the cryopreservation of a chinchilla. He is constantly inventing new methods of perfusion and various devices for this. Yuri also works in the genetics laboratory of Moscow Regional Research and Clinical Institute (MONIKI). A born teacher with an amazing sense of humor, he trains new cryonics specialists. Hobby: struggle against ageing and gerontology.



WHITE PAPER

Elena Serebryannikova

Financial advisor https://www.facebook.com/elena.serebryannikov Elena has a Marketing degree and has worked as a Deputy Director of the Swiss financial company Crdit Priv de Placement et d'Intermediation" (https://www.creditpriv.ch/home-eng) for more than 10 years. She works with large clients. Elena knows how to sell cryonics services perfectly well. She supports our project in Switzerland at the cantonal and federal levels.

Sergey Evfratov

Chemist, bioinformatics, graduate of Moscow State University, head of perfusion laboratory "KrioRus". The surgeon's assistant. Participated in a variety of cryonics perfusions.

Lev Leiman

Ideas Seller, Marketer, IT Developer, Blockchain Analyst Lev has an Energy Engineering degree. He worked on the development of the Smart Home project at the Military University of Bundeswehr in Germany. He returned to Russia to work at INSET as a Leading Specialist in the development of the Innovation Department of the company. In January 2016, he took up entrepreneurial activities related to the development of anti-crisis solutions. Lev participated in the SandCoin project as the Head Marketer. He developed and implemented the advertising strategy of the project. Lev is a real expert of the cryptocurrency market and an analyst of blockchain technology.



WHITE PAPER

Tatiana Shifrina

Chief Design Office

https://www.facebook.com/shifrinat

Owner and di Owner and director of the communication group Brand's Territory Group in 2004. She works with leading enterprises in Russia and Europe. Tatiana has been awarded for the best advertising in the field of energy in Europe, got the gold medal at Bytchimexpo Exhibition, etc. She is very dedicated to our project. Tatiana has been engaged in publishing of Gentl's, a premium magazine for investors, for 5 years. She likes publishing articles on new technologies, cryonics and interviewing famous people.

Denis Rysev

Technical Expert of the Project

https://www.facebook.com/rysev

Denis is a dedicated supporter of life extension. He was a team member of the well-known ICO SONM project. The project raised 42 million dollars. He is also a Technical Director of RuNeuro, a project of the development of the neurocomputer interface, a blockchain expert and the developer of computer games. Denis is a Delegate of the VOICE blockchain project.

Anastasia Shin

Leading marketer

https://www.facebook.com/anastasia.shin

Co-publisher of the magazine "Gentl's". For many years he has been the leading marketer of Brand's Territory Group, cooperating with KrioRus in the field of marketing. He works with such companies as ROSNO, Paris Commune, the Russian Ministry of Sport, etc. The author of the marketing plan and the participant of the group of creating an architectural sketch of the cryonics center in Tver.

13. ADVISORY BOARD

Andrey Voronkov

PhD - Advisor of CryoGen. Advisor, Co-founder of Supercomputer Organized by Network Mining (SONM) project. Executive director, Founder of Digital Bio Pharm Ltd. R&D director at IVAO inc. Project leader of Drugdiscovery@home project (non-profit initiative) CEO of the Fund in support of the Association of Blockchain and Cryptoeconomy Development.



Alberto Sarmentero

https://www.facebook.com

Alberto is a Bioengineer and the Head of the GIBiomed company, Madrid, Spain. GIBiomed is working on the invention, design and release of new devices in the field of biomedical engineering. The company has developed thermoplastic cryocapsules for organs. It cools, transports and cryopreserves the organs, ensuring the best preservation. The company is also developing capsules.

Zamir Akimov

https://www.facebook.com/zamirakimov

Zamir is a neuromarketer, a specialist in the field of blockchain, the Head of the NeuroDAO cryptofund and the Vice President of RACIB (Russian Association of Cryptocurrency and Blockchain http://racib.com/about/management).



Ilya Svirin



https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100009292827441

Ilya is an expert in the field of blockchain and smart contract, the Founder and the Head of the Nordavind Group of Companies, software development for security systems, video surveillance systems and intelligent devices for monitoring human health and diagnosing diseases at an early stage. He is a Co-founder of the PROVER.io project, the blockchain technology for confirmation of the authenticity of video materials.



Kim, C - Yoon (Kyung Sul)

C-Yoon is a Biotechnologist, Neurophysiologist and a Research Professor at the Biomedical Research Center at Konkuk University (Republic of Korea). C-Yoon is a Specialist in the field of splicing the spinal cord of mice during transplantation. C-Yoon's awards:  2016 Korean Association for Laboratory Livestock (KALAS) International Award;  2014 Chinese Association of Laboratory Animals (CALAS), International Award for Young Scientists.



WHITE PAPER



14. ARTICLES AND QUOTATIONS



 Persistence of Long-Term Memory in Vitrified and Revived Caenorhabditis elegans



Vita-More Natasha and Barranco Daniel. Rejuvenation Research. October 2015, 18(5):



458-463. https://doi.org/10.1089/rej.2014.1636











 Aldehyde-stabilized cryopreservation McIntyre RL, Fahy GM. Cryobiology. 2015



Dec;71(3):448-58. doi: 10.1016/j.cryobiol.2015.09.003. Epub 2015 Sep 25.



https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26408851



  Scientific justification of cryonics practice. Rejuvenation Res. 2008 Apr;11(2):493-503. doi: 10.1089/rej.2008.0661. Best BP1. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18321197



  Cryopreservation of rat hippocampal slices by vitrification Yuri Pichugin, Gregory M.



Fahy, Robert Morin Department of Pathology, Harbor-UCLA Research and Education



Institute, 1000 West Carson Street, Torrance, CA 90502, USA b 21st Century Medicine,



Inc., 10844 Edison Court, Rancho Cucamonga, CA 91730, USA Cryobiology 52 (2006)



228240.



http://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.505.4081&rep=rep1&type=p



df











 https://www.bloomberg.com/features/2016-decapitate-and-chill/



http://www.parismatch.com/Actu/Environnement/Danila-Medvedev-veut-



ressusciter-les-morts-57970 5 https://www.ft.com/content/d634e198-a435-11e5-873f-



68411a84f346







 http://www.bbc.co.uk/programmes/p04q2p9p











 http://www.evidencebasedcryonics.org/scientists-open-letter-on-cryonics/











 http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2014/01/06/revenir-de-la-mort-cinq-



questions-sur-la-cryonie_



4338397_3224.html?xtmc=revenir_de_la_mort_cinq_questions_sur_la_cryonie&xtcr =2



More: http://kriorus.ru/story/SMI-o-KrioRus



WHITE PAPER

15. CONCLUSION

Blockchain technology, which gave rise to a system of p2p mutual settlements, enables superfast development of science, medicine and technology due to a much easier way of funding. Today, each of us can take part in the evolution that is taking place right now. It will give a chance to achieve even the most ambitious goals.

We are sure that today achievements in neuronal cryobiology and cryogenic and medical technology will make possible to gain a 100% survival rate of brain cells. However, these achievements are now ahead of the modern imperfect state of the cryonics technologies. However, only cryonics can give a chance for physical immortality. We do not want to embellish anything: we are talking about the chance as a probable opportunity and not as a guarantee.

Now it is possible only by suspension of the processes of dying of the human body legally declared dead and body storage in liquid nitrogen.

Although modern cryobiology is still on the verge of a successful cryopreservation of organs of people and animals, it does not affect negatively the possibility of restoring frozen bodies of people, because the chances of repairing all damage with the help of molecular engineering in the future are high (one of the options). At least, the leading experts in the field of nanotechnology, Eric Drexler, Marvin Minsky, Ralph Merkle, are confident of this and have signed up for the cryopreservation.

However, we must do everything to create and apply more and perfect cryonics technologies and constantly increase the chances of reviving the cryopreserved pati



WHITE PAPER

16. DISCLAIMER

The purpose of this document is to present the CryoGen project to potential token holders due to the forthcoming launch of the Cryotoken (token CRYO)*. The information set out below cannot be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. The sole purpose of this document is to provide the necessary and reasonable information to potential token holders so that they can determine whether a thorough analysis is needed to acquire Cryotokens. Nothing in this document can be considered an issue prospectus or an application for investment, nor does it relate to an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This document is not drawn up in accordance with the l with the laws or regulations of any jurisdiction that are intended to protect investors and is not subject to these laws. Some statements, estimates and financial information contained in the White Paper represent information concerning the future. Such forecasts are associated with known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ considerably from the estimates and results implied or expressed in forecast statements. Russian and English versions of the White Paper are the primary official sources of information about the launch of the CryoGen project. The information contained herein may be translated from time to time in time into other languages or used in a written or oral communication with existing and potential customers, partners, etc. Due to such translation or communication, some of the information contained in this document may be lost or distorted. The accuracy of such alternative messages cannot be guaranteed. In case of any conflicts or inconsistencies arising between translations or messages and this document in Russian, the provisions of this document in Russian shall prevail.

Cryotoken (token CRYO) does not grant potential holders the right to a stake in KrioRus but grant the right to profit of the company GryoGen or future, created under the project CryoGen,; this is not n exceptionally full-featured utility-token, that is, a cryptocurrency/accounting unit of services that investors or project participants can purchase on special terms.



