Crypto Trust Network Jim Dowling

jim@cryptotrust.network



Updated: 29/12/2017



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

0. Executive Summary

The strengths of cryptocurrencies are undeniable; decentralised, fast and putting the power back in people's hands. However, unfortunately this is often at the sacrifice of certain safeguards typically taken for granted in conventional banking. This coupled with the start of mainstream adoption which is bringing thousands of new people in every day wanting to be part of the gold rush. While imply browsing the internet, social media or viewing conventional advertising you will see sites and services all looking to profit from people wanting to get a piece of the infamous Bitcoin craze. A downside to this is the general lack of experience and understanding of some of the key foundational elements of blockchain-backed assets and how quickly you can lose your stake; this combined with the boom of cryptocurrencies has pushed loss to historic highs  surpassing the total theft in the USA in 2015. [0] Anyone working with technology will tell you it's a well-established fact that crypto is rife with fraud and theft. From exchange breaches, phishing scams and malware, right through to site hacks and wallet swaps there are a myriad of techniques ranging from very simple to advanced that can empty your crypto wallet in mere seconds.

Hundreds of millions of dollars in cryptocurrency are lost every year to fraud, theft, breach, or human error which in turn goes back into circulation.

Is this a problem our platform can instantly stop? No. However we see an opportunity to offer a range of meaningful tools to help mitigate these losses  as cryptocurrency grows and reaches the mainstream we can offer a platform to give peace of mind to newcomers, seasoned traders, exchanges, or various other cryptocurrency platforms.

[0] http://fortune.com/2017/08/28/ethereum-cryptocurrency-stolen-bitcoin/

P a g e 2 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

Introducing the Crypto Trust Network "Stopping fraud before it happens."

CTN is a security & trust platform that allows tracking of fraudulent/high-risk cryptocurrency transactions by providing tools for crypto services, exchanges, wallets or merchants to query our platform and gain a `trust rating' on wallets and transactions; allowing them to make an immediate, informed decision around their own business processes. The CTN platform is powered by our analysis engine. We combine advanced data aggregation techniques, service breach report analysis, blockchain transaction information, machine learning, and our internal algorithm. With this formula we're able to calculate an industry leading indicator of wallet and transaction risk through our "CTN Trust Rating." Our calculated data will then be integrated and built into a range of tools such as microservices, and APIs for crypto tech companies, wallet providers, exchanges, debit card services to subscribe to. This will allow them to seamlessly integrate our tools into their existing systems and make informed decisions and rules around accepting currency from high-risk wallets. From here our data will constantly evolve, improve, and offer greater accuracy. Whether it be an integrated wallet check before a user initiates a transfer, a debit card service wanting to gauge a `high-risk' transaction or an online vendor wanting to be warned of an incoming payment using blacklisted currency, CTN's platform will offer a range of powerful tools to add value and protect customers across an array of services.

P a g e 3 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

1. Why (The problem)

Cryptocurrencies have had a chequered history; there has been remarkable success, uncanny growth, wider adoption and acceptance as well as large instances of misfortune, negative media and large opposing forces. However, no one can argue the impact it's had on the world and how the foundation of these currencies (the blockchain) has implications to change almost every aspect of the modern world. Notable examples include: the DAO hack, Bitfinex breach, the parity wallet incident(s) and of course, the infamous Mt Gox "hack." Some may consider these an unfortunate side effect of the world changing technology. Others, however (primarily those effected) may not be so optimistic. While there have been some notable economic events caused as ripples from these events nothing has really bought cryptocurrency to its knees. This stands to show the demand, passion of the community, and world-changing outcomes that are being achieved everyday with blockchain-backed technology. For these reasons it is proving to be an unstoppable global force regardless of a myriad of unfortunate incidents across the whole sector. A quick search online will yield endless pages of well documented cases of fraud and theft. While our whitepaper's goal isn't to offer analysis on past events there, is a growing trend of more substantial financial loss every year. One interesting quote we found was related to the growing trend of ERC20 tokens:

"More than 30,000 people have fallen prey to Ethereum related scams this year alone, losing an average $7,500 each for a total of $225 million [1]"

The open nature of cryptocurrencies on the blockchain makes breaches, fraud or loss much harder to hide, however in the corporate space it's estimated 57% of large organisations do not publicly disclose data breaches. So how much more cryptocurrency loss goes undisclosed? [2]

[1] https://www.investopedia.com/news/phishing-scams-have-cost-ico-investors-225m/ [2] http://www.zdnet.com/article/enterprise-data-breaches-often-left-undisclosed-malwareanalysts-say/

P a g e 4 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

The question remains, why is this still happening? Why are individuals and businesses suffering such a substantial amount of loss through scams, phishing, malware and hacks? As cryptocurrency moves more into the mainstream through traditional news sources, advertising and stories such as `the Bitcoin pizza', we believe this will fuel the worlds insatiable demand for blockchain-backed cryptocurrencies. As the key stakeholders move away from enthusiasts and more towards larger financial institutions, we see a distinct lack of services to help people buy and broker crypto assets. This in part being fuelled by a lack of regulation; while this is slowly changing it seems clear to us there needs to be better technology and tools in place allowing crypto technology companies to offer a better peace of mind to their customers. As well as allowing them to show regulators they are making an active effort in protecting their assets. One such way to accomplish this is by offering powerful, meaningful tools which can be easily integrated along side a wide range of companies. CTN is a platform that offers a range of services including data collection, analysis backed by our machine learning engine. This allows us to combine breach data and blockchain transactions and with our internal algorithm calculate our `CTN Trust Rating.' Our rating gives an immediate, easy to understand value that adds an additional layer of meta-data to a wallet or transaction. This information will be vital for companies implementing processes for high-risk transactions, meeting industry regulations, meeting regional AML laws or showing an active effort to protect their customers.

P a g e 5 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

2. What (The CTN Solution)

CTN platform

The CTN platform will offer four key components, each playing a vital role in the mitigation of theft and loss. Each component will work in unison in order for CTN to provide our integration partners high-quality data and services.

1. CTN Verified Address Book

The first service we offer will be the CTN verified address book. This will allow users of cryptocurrency wallets to submit meta-data to be stored against their wallet. Once submitted CTN will verify the information and have a compulsory process to prove a wallet ownership. Upon successful verification our service will allow users to look up a wallet and seeing the associated verified company information or the inverse; allowing someone to enter company details with an auto-completed list that returns their verified wallet. This could be considered similar to a bank's `pre-registered payee.'



CTN Verified `address book'



P a g e 6 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

2. CTN Trust Rating

The CTN Trust Rating is a propriety algorithm which will be used to calculate a `risk-rating' on a cryptocurrency wallet or transaction. The success of the service will be solely driven by the quantity and quality of data we can obtain which will be our key USP; based on this the CTN Trust Rating will incorporate and analyse data from a myriad of sources both public and private. Some examples include:

- Crypto-focused malware - Exchange service breach information - Crowd-sourced data of reported theft/phishing wallets - Aggregation of social sites & wallet comments - Proximity & transactions with fraud-linked wallets - Receival of blacklisted funds - Much, much more

However, to be truly industry leading our key goal is to lay foundations that will forge CTN's position as an invaluable tool for any company or service that uses cryptocurrencies. Outlined in our timeline are 2 distinct releases of the CTN Trust rating. These releases are:

CTN Trust Rating v1.0 The CTN Trust Rating release v1.0 will be backed by a range of static calculated data, this will provide high-quality proven data backed by retroactive analysis; offering valuable information for making decisions based on past actions.

CTN Trust Rating v2.0 The CTN Trust Rating release v2.0 will incorporate our Blockchain insights engine (see 3. below). The CTN Blockchain Insights Engine is a machine-learning backed service that will consume blockchain information in order to offer a proactive risk analysis for making decisions based on current actions. The CTN Blockchain Insights engine will be constantly tuned and added to the weighing of the risk rating metric based on the quality of data and accuracy of results.

P a g e 7 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

3. CTN Blockchain Insight Engine

The CTN Blockchain insights engine will be powered by machine learning, data analysis and deep learning. The engine's job will be to consume blockchain data in order to pro-actively provide risk assessment data on blockchain transactions and wallets. This data will be used to empower the CTN Trust Rating 2.0 release; slowly feeding into our CTN Trust rating. As the quality of these insights improves the ratio of ML-backed insights engine data will increase. The engine's initial release will be operated via a centralised infrastructure which is developed, hosted and managed by CTN. However, as the project matures and the demand for more data, deeper analysis, more supported blockchains grows we will transition to a decentralised infrastructure allowing anyone to set-up a CTN Engine Node.

CTN Engine Node The CTN Engine Node will be a propriety-build CTN agent which can be installed and configured by anyone. The node software will connect to the network and help take part in large amounts of data processing to help power the platforms tools. CTN Engine Node operators will be paid in CTN tokens for their role in the processing, analysis and serving of data to the CTN's integration partners.

4. CTN Integration Tools

Every single feature of the CTN will be fully integrable. The platform will offer fast, powerful access to the data, information and insights provided from each key feature. This allows our integration partners to build our CTN Trust Rating and CTN Verified Address Book into their services or applications. As an example: a cryptocurrency wallet integrates to our CTN Verified Address Book. This allows one of their customers to enter the company they wish to pay with a physical name such as "Crypto Trust Network" in the background our service automatically resolves this to a verified wallet address and autocompletes the rest of the information offering protection against accidental address entry offering peace of mind to an individual new to the process.

P a g e 8 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

What industries would utilise the CTN trust rating & services? Our services will be mainly targeted at blockchain focused companies. More specifically ones that deal in highly regulated industries. Financial services, companies that focus on helping new people into cryptocurrency or someone looking to offer a better service solution to their customers by adding an enhanced layer of protection. This may include:

- Cryptocurrency wallets - Exchanges - Cryptocurrency sale sites - Debit card platforms Additionally, we're seeing a growing trend of more industries looking at not only accepting cryptocurrencies as a payment method but looking blockchain-based infrastructure for their services. As an example: law firms are already implementing smart-contract based services and escrow based on the blockchain. In the future it's very likely medical service providers would start accepting payment in cryptocurrencies. So, does this whole CTN thing mean I can get my stolen coins back? A short answer: No. However, it is a future possibility  by building a network of trust rating systems and integrating/working closely with other established technology companies & crypto services there could be a process in the future to handle stolen/hacked crypto assets with a strict verification process that could see coins being redistributed to their rightful `owner.'

P a g e 9 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

What are some real-life implementation examples? Outlined below, we have included a real-life example of a potential CTN integration. Please keep in mind CTN's goal is not to intercept a normal blockchain, but to provide integration partners with more information to make educated decisions about incoming transactions and their origins to define their own processes.



1



There is a large exchange wallet breach, data analysis shows that 20,000 ETH was taken and distributed across a large amount of wallets.



P a g e 10 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper



These wallets attempt to move `blacklisted' currency into a CTN integrated



2



service; due to the proximity and direct connection to the theft CTN flags the currency as a high-risk transaction and warns the crypto service.



Once the transaction has been flagged as high-risk the service can carry out



3



their own process  this could involve a manual verification, a bounce-back or re-direct. The key is the service has the knowledge to make informed



decisions.



P a g e 11 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

3. Who (The team)

Who are you? Does you and your team have any experience in this? The CTN project is backed by an established software development company with a huge amount of experience in development, corporate integration & execution. We have systems currently handling hundreds of thousands of requests a day  meaning we know how to build for scale using modern technologies. The CTN management team are all directors and shareholders of the software development firm "Digital Stock"  a company that has enjoyed a large amount of growth over the past 4 years. It's founders Jim & Will both have experience in bootstrapping, maximising funds and growing companies. With each shareholder bringing something unique to the table our myriad of skills has been our greatest asset allowing companies to grow  from deep technical design and development, system design and our greatest skill: relationship building. These technical assets and experience will be used to drive the CTN.

Founders:

Jim Dowling - CEO New Zealand High Tech Awards Young Achiever finalist, director and founder of various tech companies. Jim takes the CEO role in CTN. Being a cryptocurrency evangelist since the early days of Bitcoin he's passionately followed and supported a range of block-chain backed projects. Jim's primary role in CTN will be to work to define the vision, ideals and goals of the project as well as making connections, forging partnerships and reducing barriers to scalability & growth.

P a g e 12 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

Will Finlayson - CTO Award winning programmer Will is a highly experienced developer overseeing all technical aspects of the key CTN infrastructure. Will has been the driving force behind keeping systems with unexpected sudden exponential growth up and running even when transactions reach millions of requests a day. Will's primary role in CTN will involve managing the different teams: integration, data analysis, machine learning and ensuring we build scalable, integrable solutions that align with the vision of the company.

How about the rest of the team? We're privileged to work some incredibly talented people  our team is the true strength of CTN. We possess a range of industry-leading talents with specialities that range from integration, and highperformance storage/caching alongside blockchain development to machine learning and data analysis. Naturally, of course we aim to expand the team as quickly (and reasonably) as possible to ensure we are constantly using modern, scalable and secure technologies to provide CTN solutions both now and into the future.

P a g e 13 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

4. How (Will I use the token?)

What role will the CTN token play in all this? The CTN token will be the only way to pay for access to CTN's data & services  on our roadmap we will incorporate an exchange service into our platform  allowing entities that wish to subscribe to our services an easy way to buy tokens; as well as allowing our token holders to exchange for fiat if they desire. Of course, holders & entities are free to trade these on exchanges or independently. As the demand for CTN's services and data increases the token's value will be set by the market. Again, the CTN token will be the only payment option accepted for the platform. Why a token? Why not just accept fiat/crypto for access to the services? The CTN token firstly will be used to raise capital to fund development  we have a series of extremely ambitious goals which have never been undertaken by other companies and as such we will require significant resources to drive both the research, development and compliance aspects of the project. Alongside this the token be used to reward CTN node operators and data suppliers. CTN Node operators? In our roadmap we have the transition from a centralised to a decentralized architecture. As part of this transition we will create node software to be ran as part of the CTN. Node operators will process CTN queries & generate advanced graphs of wallets & their proximity to fraudulent transitions across the blockchain this is a natural progression for CTN allowing a decentralisation of the network for redundancy, trust and allowing node operators to be rewarded with a share of the service costs.

P a g e 14 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

5. When (Token Sale)

Key information Presale: Effective immediately, we are offering a very limited token pre-sale up to the soft cap of 500,000 tokens as an additional bonus. Any contributions within the pre-sale will get a 25% bonus on their ETH meaning a large amount of extra CTN. Once the presale hits the soft cap contributors will have to wait until the official launch on January the 22nd. Official token sale start: The CTN token sale will begin on: Monday, the 22nd of January 2018, 6pm (London time, GMT) and last for 1 month. Official token sale end: The CTN token sale will end on: Thursday the 22nd of February 2018, 6pm (London time, GMT) unless the hard cap is reached prior. Price: Each token will be sold at a price of 1 USD each. Token sale hard cap: There will be a maximum of 10,500,000 tokens available in the token sale. Token sale soft cap: CTN must sell a minimum of 500,000 tokens for the sale to proceed; if we do not reach this target we will refund the ETH.

Presale bonus: If you are contributing in the presale before 500,000 tokens sold then there is a 25% bonus; giving you an extra 25% on our purchase. Official sale bonus: We will offer a bonus incentive for the first 2,000,000 CTN tokens sold during the official token sale, giving you an extra 20% on your purchase.

Total tokens created: 15,000,000 (see below for distribution:)



Token Distribution Token sale Data supplier/node rewards & partnerships Team/advisor incentive Bounty program



Tokens 10,500,000* 3,000,000 1,125,000 375,000



70% 20% 7.5% 2.5%



Total tokens



15,000,000*



100%



*This may vary slightly depending on purchase behaviors & bonuses as per our contract



P a g e 15 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper



Presale bonus example: you choose to contribute $1,000 USD of ETH towards CTN tokens and you are in the presale period and before 500,000 total tokens purchased you will receive

1,250 CTN tokens (this would be 1000 without a bonus.)



Official sale Bonus example: you choose to contribute $1,000 USD of ETH towards CTN tokens; if you are in the initial 2,000,000 tokens purchase you will receive 1,200 CTN tokens.

(This would be 1,000 without a bonus.)



Distrubution graph:



CTN Token Distribution



Token Sale (70%)

Data Supplier Rewards & Partnerships (20%) Team/advisor incentive (7.5%*) Bountry Program (2.5%*) What will happen to the tokens if you don't reach the hard cap?

We've included the below table to show how the token distribution will look in the event of not reaching the hard cap, alongside this we've provided some examples below it.

* Residual bounty program tokens will be merged into the team/advisor incentive pool.

Burn policy: Due to the fact tokens are minted immediately as purchased there will be no additional tokens created that will go unsold, as such as no `burn policy' is required.



P a g e 16 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

What's up with the "Data Supplier & Partnership" token allocation? These tokens (20% of the total supply, or 3,000,000 tokens) will be used for two main uses:

1. Data Supplier Rewards The main portion of these rewards will be used as currency for data supply agreements with CTN and node operator's rewards; used to source high-quality bulk data for processing and analysis and reward CTN nodes for doing their bit in processing data for the network.

2. Partnerships The second portion of these tokens will be used for partnerships  this may include incentivising deals such as tokens for testing the CTN with large strategic partners, crypto companies or exchanges that will strengthen the network as a whole.

This token pool will be held in escrow and will only be used in business deals we feel will have a large amount of impact for CTN. These tokens will have withdrawal limits imposed on them and where possible CTN would like to include the community to have a say on the distribution of these via CTN token holder wallet message signing or similar mechanism.

How about the team/advisor tokens? Plain and simple  our goal is for CTN to be an asset worth holding. We will need great minds to pursue this project and see it through, ensuring it becomes the world-changing service it has the potential to be.

Great things happen when people feel part of something bigger; we intend to get and keep great people at CTN

CTN Tokens will be used as an incentive for team members, influencers, advisors or as part of employment contracts. This pool of tokens will be accesses sparingly, and to ensure this we will have a time-lock mechanism in place which cannot be accessed for at least 1 year.

P a g e 17 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

6. Funding Distribution  Where?

How will the funds raised be used by CTN? The CTN project is backed by an established software development company with a huge amount of experience in development, corporate integration & execution. CTN funds will not be used for trivial expenses such as kitting out a brand-new office (we have one of those already.) The funds raised for CTN (in a top-level sense) will go into the following areas:

1. Development of the platform Firstly, the development of the key tools & features used by clients of CTN network's services. We will aim to develop immediately tangible, usable services including the CTN Verified Address Book. Next, we will move efforts into the all-important CTN trust rating v1.0 release backed by static data, and then the CTN Trust Rating v2.0 release with the integrated Insights Engine. (Please see section 7  Roadmap for more details.) 3 Year development fund allocation:

Year 1: 50% Year 2: 50% Year 3: 30% 2. Administration CTN will have dedicated administration staff for handling customer support and handling the `human element' of CTN such as manual verification processes for the CTN Address Book verification process. 3 Year Administration fund allocation:

Year 1: 10% Year 2: 10% Year 3: 10%

P a g e 18 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

3. Compliance and legal This project will take not only large amounts of development, research and business partnerships but there will also be many legal & compliance aspects to the project. We will have leading in-house legal & compliance expertise ensuring our services are helping our integration partners meet and exceed their regulatory requirements. 3 Year Compliance/legal fund allocation: Year 1: 20% Year 2: 10% Year 3: 5%

4. Data analysis & research Almost all of CTN's services, tools and integrations will require complex technical development and infrastructure (both centralised and distributed) all of these features are only as good as the data and analysis they're backed by. Our CTN Trust Rating algorithm will be driven by the machine learning backed CTN Insights Engine. As the platform matures we will invest more heavily in research of new technologies as well as in-depth data analysis experts and tools to ensure we have the most up-to-date, relevant and well processed data backing our whole platform. This is vitally important to us as it will give our clients and partners peace of mind with the accuracy of our insights. 3 Year Data analysis & research fund allocation: Year 1: 10% Year 2: 15% Year 3: 25%

P a g e 19 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

5. Marketing

Marketing will not only involve creating resources which will help show companies the benefits to integrating with CTN, but will also include relationship building, partnership forming and ensuring CTN takes part in important events, conferences and presentations.

3 Year Marketing fund allocation:

Year 1: 10% Year 2: 15% Year 3: 30%

Our budgets and funding allocation will have to be flexible and will likely change on the needs of the industry, company growth and direction  as such these should be a simple guide only.



100% 90% 80% 70% 60% 50% 40% 30% 20% 10% 0% Year 1 Platform development



CTN Token Sale Funds Distribution



Administration



Year 2 Compliance & Legal



Year 3



Data analysis & research



Marketing



P a g e 20 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper



7. Year-1 Development roadmap

Please note: timeline is indicative only  CTN plans to be flexible and meet the demand of the market for services, realistically a long-term development plan will never be set in stone. Our goal is to get valuable services to market as fast as possible. Highlighted in green are our initial key 2018 charged initial feature releases.



Dec 2017 Feb 2018 Mar 2018 Apr 2018 Apr 2018 May 2018 Jul 2018 Aug 2018 Sep 2018 Oct 2018 Nov 2018 Nov 2018



Year 1  Development roadmap

CTN service: CTN Verified Address Book service development begins

CTN service: CTN Verified Address Book service  beta offered to initial partners

CTN service: CTN Trust rating v1.0 service development begins

CTN platform: CTN blockchain analysis engine ML initial research & development

Release 1 - CTN service: Verified Address Book service goes live

CTN service: CTN Trust rating v1.0 service beta service offered for initial partners for internal use

Release 2 - CTN service: CTN Trust rating v1.0 service live public release using static data sets

CTN service: CTN Trust rating v2.0 service beta connected to CTN Blockchain Analysis ML Engine

CTN platform: CTN blockchain analysis engine ML further data sets and development

Release 2 - CTN service: CTN Trust rating v2.0 service live public release using ML Engine

CTN platform: CTN Blockchain Analysis ML Engine continued development

CTN platform: Distributed architecture node development begins



P a g e 21 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

8. Bounty program

As part of CTN's token sale we will be offering a bounty program  rewarding contributors with CTN tokens in exchange for various services which help us in promoting our platform. Currently there is a surge in technology companies looking to promote their offerings via a token sale. While we're confident in our concept and technology we've seen large marketing campaigns overshadow competing offerings even when the concept is poor established or technically lacking. We believe fiercely in CTN, and as such are willing to reward people that believe in us too. This is why we are offering a bounty program for high-quality content. Whether it be promoting CTN in a positive light - or critical in our concept/solution we will take all feedback onboard.

Please note: the bounty payouts will be conditional to CTN reaching the token sale soft cap - in the event we do not reach this the bounty program will not pay out any tokens. Alongside this our bounty program is in strict supply and no tokens outside of the pre-allocated amount will be distributed.

Our intent is to hear what members in the various crypto communities think of our concept  not offer a copy-paste advert



1. Blog/Article/Medium Post

Our preference is higher quality posts about CTN  we will pay out a generous bounty for posts directly about CTN; or a smaller reward for a mention or piece in an article. The bounty reward will vary depending on the platform, reach and content at the discretion of CTN's. This could be content on a private blog or platform, a news article or a Medium post.



Blog/Article/Medium Post Normal quality/reach Above average quality/reach Exceptional quality/reach Mention/partial



Up to 20 CTN Up to 50 CTN 50+ CTN 1-50 CTN



P a g e 22 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper



2. YouTube/Video

Aligning with our strong beliefs in wanting to push high quality content  we're also offering bounties for video producers  either on YouTube or similar platforms. A dedicated video to CTN will pay out bounties as below; and a partial/mention will pay a range depending on the exposure. New/0 video accounts will not be counted.



YouTube/Video Normal quality/reach Above average quality/reach Exceptional quality/reach Mention/partial



Up to 30 CTN Up to 75 CTN 75+ CTN 1-50 CTN



3. Bitcointalk/forum posts

CTN will also be paying bounties for forum introductions/opinions or analysis on the project. The tokens rewarded will be dependent on the post content quality and reputation of the member. New/0 post accounts will not be counted.



Bitcointalk/forum posts Normal quality/account Above average quality/account Exceptional quality/account Mention/partial



Up to 15 CTN Up to 25 CTN 25+ CTN 1-25 CTN



P a g e 23 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper



4. Twitter Posts & follows

Lastly, CTN will be distributing tokens as bounties to twitter users  for a bounty to be paid we will be checking for a follow, hashtag (#cryptrotrustwork) and a post. We will pay a bounty for up to 3 posts a week we require a minimum of 200 followers to pay out a bounty. We will have a wallet verification step by messaging our twitter account: @CTNCrypto when we are paying out bounties.



Bitcointalk/forum posts



Follow + Hashtag + Post (up to 3) 200-500 followers 3 CTN per post



Follow + Hashtag + Post (up to 3) 500-1000 followers 5 CTN per post



Follow + Hashtag + Post (up to 3) 1000+ followers 7 CTN per post



Special sponsored post



Contact us



The bounty program will be live immediately and run until the end of the token sale on February the 22nd, 2018 (or until hardcap.)

CTN will verify bounty pay-outs on receipt of wallet and content via the bounty submit form found on our website. If you have any questions or issues with the bounty process please contact us via: bounties@cryptotrust.network.



P a g e 24 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

9. Miscellaneous questions

Why should I support you? A CTN token supporter would likely be experienced in cryptocurrency or potentially part of a company or service that sees benefits in the CTN platform's features  alongside this a supporter would understand that for it to further be adopted by the mainstream and continue to grow we need more tools for accessibility, security and compliance. CTN is an excellent way to show efforts are being made to protect customers without exposing additional personally identifiable information. The token is being geared to be a sole currency allowing access to a powerful network of crypto security information and services. Alongside this we aim to offer a few bonus perks to token holders such as benefits through partner services (to be finalised and announced.)

What is the difference between the token sale soft cap and hard cap? Essentially, velocity and platform features. Hiring talented people & focusing resources is a costly endeavour. Tokens sold quickly means we can scale quickly, and the more resources we have, the more intelligence we can bring into the company through various roles such as marketing, design, compliance and development. What currencies will you be targeting? From the onset we will gear the platform for the Ethereum & Bitcoin networks. However, the core of the network will be generic allowing CTN to build various connectors or utilising existing technology solutions to easily connect and apply the same data processing rules to almost any network.

Do you have any preliminary buy-in or listings arranged on exchanges? Currently only conversations, although we will make an active effort to be listed on well-established exchanges that we feel meet the ethos of our company. We've had a lot of advice & geared our token to minimise friction with being listed on exchanges.

P a g e 25 | 26



Crypto Trust Network: Whitepaper

What about cross-chain breaking links between transactions such as converting them into `private' coins? E.g. XMR? Assets with a focus on privacy such as XMR are designed to mask wallet balances and transaction amounts making it very difficult to trace. This is a core, fundamental of this currency. Simply put - we don't have a solution. However, with CTN we aim to offer tools for the converting process. If stolen coins were to be `laundered' through an additional service CTN would aim to target the point of conversion. This could either be an exchanges or conversion service that has integrated with our tools showing they wanted to make an active effort to protect their customers. If stolen bitcoin were identified it would be easier to put measures in place to stop the process of converting them into a private currency before this process occurs.

Do we get in say in the direction of the network?

Yes. Not only do we intend to use clients, technology partners and the crypto industry's needs and requirements to shape the future of CTN's features and progression but alongside this we intend to allow CTN token holders to have a say in the progression of the platform via a token-holder's voting mechanism.

We will allow CTN token holders to contribute to decisions throughout the development and shaping of CTN's future. We don't have details of exactly how the voting mechanism will work at this stage but it will likely involve a `vote message' signing process from the wallet holding the tokens.

What will the services cost?

This is yet to be set in stone, we will bring in an experienced accountant for CTN to define a fair, open market price based on demand and costs for running the service. The wallet verification service will likely have a set price in which we will only accept CTN tokens to purchase it. The various APIs & services will have query and data quality limits imposed on them, controlled by an access portal online with an API key which is funded by tokens.

What will happen to the tokens that are used to purchase services?

These will be returned to the network for the initial centralized infrastructure  a portion of which will be sold onto the open market or to integration partners to fund CTN. When we move to the decentralised node service the majority of these will be paid to node operators minus a fee used to fund the CTN.

P a g e 26 | 26



