#1 Blockchain in Cyber-Security

We are proud to say that we are 1# Blockchain in cyber-security.

The main purpose of this Whitepaper is to share the information about the proposed establishment and operation of the Cyberx Project Blockchain cybersecurity platform to bring ultimate trust and transparency to the cyber-security markets and the cryptographic blockchain tokens ("CX Tokens") for use within the Cyberx Project platform. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not indicate any factors of a contractual relationship. The Whitepaper does not constitute an offer or invitation to any person to subscribe for or purchase shares, rights or any other securities of Cyberx Project or any affiliated object. Any agreement in relation to the purchase and sale of CX Tokens shall be supervised by a separate document setting out the terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") of such agreement, which shall be made available at http://www.Cyberx-Project.com prior to the sale of any CX Tokens.



. In the event of any inconsistencies between the Terms and Conditions and this Whitepaper, the Terms and Conditions 2 Tables of Contents

1. Executive Summary 1.1. Introduction 1.2. Today cyber-security's issues 2. Audience target 3. Why blockchain for cyber-security 3.1 Blockchain technology 101 3.2 How do blockchain get formed? 3.3 How can data be updated? 3.4 Decentralized storage, recordkeeping 3.5 Preventing fraud and data theft 4. Problem of Liquidity 5. Technology 5.1 Factor Authentication security 5.2 Smart contract and API 6. CX  The CyberX Platform Token 7. CyberX Project Platform Evolvement 7.1 Marketplace - Built on Risk Score Algorithm 7.2 Future of Cyber-security  Decentralized Cyber-security 8. Roadmap 8.1 Roadmap Diagram 8.2 Market 8.3 Project Transparency 8.4 Exchanges 9. Token distribution 10. Team 11. Reference



1. Executive Summary

1.1. Introduction

Firstly, our greatest appreciation for your concern, CyberX Project is a startup launched by a company specialized in cyber-security services collaborating with many other big organizations worldwide. Basically, through our investigation and operation on different projects, we began with the idea to create a software program which is able to consolidate disbursed cyber-security resources and make them available to any business in the network. CyberX Project is a revolutionary which cyber-security software designed to implement unseenbefore protection level to any individual big company. Once connected to the project it forms a decentralized network and combines all cyber-security resources available in the network to protect firm. CyberX Project intended making every individual company invulnerable to viruses and other malware. Our company specializes in cyber-security services, application of technology in the industry. We realized the great potential of the blockchain; we decided to develop a crypto named CyberX (Cx token). Currently, the project is in the pre-sale stage before the official ICO. Our mission is initially to improve cyber-security as well as use it as a type of payment gateway for all of our services. We are having significant number of experts and professors who have been working in cyber security and blockchain field. They are good at solving problems and improve the quality of our service. When it comes to our roadmap, we have managed to contact significant number of exchanges and there are deals going to be done soon. You don't need to wait till 2018 to make profit with your token, after presale and crowd sale. It will be fast, you know.

1.2 Today cyber-security's issues:

It is clear that Cybersecurity problems are available everywhere: While we have a generally positive view of technology, I am worried about our future. We do believe it is crucial to be aware of the serious cybersecurity problems currently affecting technology. Luo and I have been professional hackers for more nearly two decades. I find cybersecurity problems in technology in order to make that technology more secure. But after doing this for many years, I am quite frustrated. I see the same problems happened over and over again. We are not getting better. And while we depend more and more on technology, technology is becoming more and more insecure. In my experience, most technology is



vulnerable and can be hacked. We see examples of this every day: Cars have been hacked, a popular U.S. smart home alarm system was hacked, implantable medical devices like pacemakers have been 5 hacked, plane systems have been hacked, critical infrastructure like a power grid and a dam were hacked, mobile banking apps have been hacked, smart city technology has been hacked, and I've personally hacked traffic systems in Singapore These are just examples, mostly from my colleagues' research; the list could go on. Every year, thousands of cybersecurity problems are being identified in technologies from famous vendors. Some of those vendors are among the best at cybersecurity, yet they still have hundreds of security problems each year. We also see future in this area, but want to choose a right journey that was not found by other ICO teams. We managed to connect ourselves to the powerful project that generates the demand of dealing cyber-security services using Blockchain. After that it will be greatly spread by developing a system of payment gateway for all of cybersecurity transactions and cyber-security companies to connect. One day a great company called CyberX Project created fastest payment gateway for community and market, its famous and reliable services. So, cybersecurity is really important nowadays and with blockchain, it will definitely become more secure. It will be explained later in other pages.

2. Audience target:

CyberX Team is going to generously create an abundance of opportunities for pioneers and greatful investors. CyberX takes a dismantle approach to the outdated services and completely provides a new, safe and secure way to protect our partners cyber-security. There are numerous business use cases enabled by the trustless services, and being able to build a transparent & trustful payment gateway of a business that can be used globally in cyber-security field, is one of the most important. Because Cyberx already had figured out "easy-tobe-attacked" information and data on businesses in many situations, our proven risk algorithm will score and alert risks that can be detected in their system. 6 With the benefit of cyber-security built on the blockchain, powerful invention from Cyberx Project could automate aspects of the regulatory, detecting and improving processes and may have long-term positive impact on partners' cybersecurity. Last but not least, we need a value for our token so that we are not targeting huge raise for our ICO. It may mean that the potential to get more profit is now always bigger. But honestly we have significant number of investors who are in touch with us in person, that is why we are not doing much online advertising, but our outline for the roadmap is definitely for even long term HODL with huge potential profit. Some of the first opportunities found are:



1. We are proudly becoming the first sample, who is #1 blockchain in cybersecurity.

2. Blockchain is best to improve cyber-security.

3. We are going to require our partners using our token as a currency to deposit the contract partially with flexible and fast policy.

4. It opens platform for cyber-security startups build their business as well as together developing CyberX Project token as a crucial currency in this industry.

5. Price is set at low with small raise, our initial investors will be optimistic if the roadmap is run well by us.

6. Preventing fraud and data theft.

7. Using blockchaines to prevent from DDoS attacks 7.

3. Why blockchain for Cyber-security

Navigating the online world safely has become a real concern over the last few years and, looking at how intense and sophisticated some of the recent hacker attacks around the world have been, it seems like things are really hard to be bound to only get worse. Even though hackers are gradually getting better at hacking, the ways to combat them are also improving rapidly. In fact, we already have a nearly impenetrable technology, known as blockchain, which can be used to protect our data from cyberattacks and improve cyber-security across industries. This article provides an overview of how blockchains can improve the online security of any business, ensuring that data cannot be damaged, stolen, or lost.

3.1. Blockchain technology 101

Blockchains are distributed networks that can have millions of users all over the world. Every user can add information to the blockchain and all data in the blockchain is secured through cryptography. Every another member of the network is responsible for verifying that the data being added to the blockchain is real. This is done using a system of three keys (private, public, and the receiver's key) that allow members to check the veracity of the data while also confirming who it comes from.



3.2. How do blockchains get formed?

A verified piece of data forms a block which then has to be added to the chain. To do this, blockchain users have to use their respective keys and powerful computing systems to run algorithms that solve very complex mathematical problems. When a problem is solved, the block is added to the chain and the data it contains exists on the network forever, meaning that it cannot be altered or removed.

3.3 How can data be updated?

In order to make updates to a particular piece of data, the owners of that data must add a new block on top of the previous block, creating a very specific chain of code. If anything, even something as small as a comma, gets altered from how it appears in a previous block, the entire chain across the network also changes accordingly. This means that every single alteration or change to any piece of data is tracked and absolutely no data is lost or deleted because users can always look at previous versions of a block to identify what is different in the latest version. Using this thorough form of record-keeping makes, it's easy for the system to detect blocks that have incorrect or false data, preventing loss, damage, and corruption.

3.4. Decentralized storage, recordkeeping.

Another important thing to note about blockchain users is that they are able to store all of the data in their network on their computer, if they want to (and very many of them do). This results in two things. First, they can earn money for renting their "extra" storage space and, second, they ensure that the chain will not collapse. If, for instance, someone who is not the owner of a piece of data (say, a hacker) tries to tamper with a block, the whole system analyzes every single block of data to find the one that differs from the rest (or from the majority). If the system finds this type of block, it simply excludes it from the chain, identifying it as false. Blockchain technology is designed in such a way that there is no central authority or storage location. Every user on the network plays a part in storing some or all of the blockchain. Everyone is responsible for verifying the data that is stored and/or shared to make sure false data cannot be added and existing data cannot be removed.



3.5. Preventing fraud and data theft

Blockchain technology provides one of the best tools we currently have to protect data from hackers, preventing potential fraud and decreasing the chance of data being stolen or compromised. In order to destroy or corrupt a blockchain, a hacker would have to destroy the data stored on every user's computer in the global network. This could be millions of computers, with each one storing a copy of some or all the data. Unless the hacker could simultaneously bring down an entire network (which is near impossible), undamaged computers, also known as "nodes", would continue running to verify and keep record of all the data on the network. The impossibility of a task like taking down a whole chain increases along with the amount of users on a network. Bigger blockchain networks with more users have an infinitely lower risk of getting attacked by hackers because of the complexity required to penetrate such a network. This complex structure provides blockchain technology with the ability to be the most secure form of storing and sharing information online that we've discovered so far. That's why innovators have begun applying the technology in different sectors to prevent fraud and increase protection of data.

4. Problem of liquidity

Lack of cyber-security backup kills 1/8 of businesses out there, and it is more crucial than ever to keep a business safe and in control. Unfortunately, it is one of the biggest challenges faced by small startup today, and CyberX Project struggles to create new possibilities, fulfill existing plans, startup forum, and a friendly platform for youth. It's a community to train them about cyber-security. However, a majority of business network systems are always favorite targets of professional hackers CyberX Project will be the giant who helps businesses running well with fast and on time service if they cannot stand for long term contract, with our frame, we will try to connect with other small startup in our friendly platform and community to provide them even with cheaper service using our tokens as currency. It means to say that we are "Alibaba of crypto" who represents as an intermediary. Small startup will get payment faster with the token equal to US dollars. Millions of businesses worldwide face lots of problems deal with their operations of activities at risk. Many traditional commercial platforms have found that the problem of their cyber-security Moreover, as we had already mentioned that our main partners from CyberX Project will be forced to be using CyberX Project token as a cryocurrency with some bonus and benefits. So, time by time and day by day, we will have for work for our service team members as well as to provide good ROI for our initial investors with our efforts.



5. Technology

5.1. 3-Factor Authentication security

Cyberx Project builds SmartCloud system with 3-Factor Authentication security. Two factors of cybersecurity and one layer at blockchain help keep your business data safe and secure. Simultaneously with decent technology will surely help to manage the data up easier than ever.

5.2 Smart contract and API

Cyberx Project will use Smart-Contract technology to manage and sell its services. This will help to protect customer information. It's great for those who are using our services such as domain, vps, ssl or bank account protection. Smart-Contract is used to encrypt payment information. And then you can buy services through cyberx's API. It will be definitely very convenient and safe.

6. CX  The CyberX Platform Token

CX Tokens will be based on Ethereum ERC20 standard, a blockchain-based distributed computing platform. Ethereum allows smart contracts - distributed computer programs that can support online contractual agreements in a cryptographically secure manner. Ethereum is open-source and adopted by institutions worldwide Toshiba, Omron, IBM, Simens, and Toyota. CX Token is the utility token which provides access to the CyberX Project platform for certain transactions and services. Each CX Token allow the holder the right to access certain services including all the services that CyberX Project is good at and delivering now Lenders will claim CX Tokens to obtain the CyberX Project platform, and tokens can be used to buy our service with discounted price as a way that we encourage people to use CX tokens in the future. For example, if you are buying a package of service from our service, it depends on requirements and type of service. We will consider giving you a discount if you use CX tokens to pay off. Additional services available on the CyberX platform is about to create the tournament for Singaporean and Asian students and entrepreneur to creatively show their talents and ideas for prizes and future growth. Token Supply: 29,000,000CX tokens are available for distribution. Only 9,000,000 CX are available for sale to contributors, it makes up 60% of the total. A total of 5,500,000 CX are for the founding team, we have also decided to



dedicate about 5.040.000CX tokens for advisors, and CX 5,960,000 for bounties etc. Core team and advisors' tokens will be vested for 12 months with 3 months' cliff. We wish to benefit only if the project is operationally successful. The rest 3,500,000 CX tokens for company will be kept as a reserve and locked for one year solely to develop partnerships and future acquisitions to become a dominant market leader. It will be mainly used to develop a friendly platform for new cybersecurity startup and it will be our currency of prize for our upcoming tournament and leagues held by CyberX Company Price per token: 1 CX = 0.000585 ETH 14.

7. CyberX Project Platform Evolvement

Originally, we are a big company specialized in cyber-security and other service and we also have found that there is basically no ICO startup in cyber-security. We are having significant number of cyber-security experts and engineer who can handle most related issues. We have also built a good eco-system and roadmap that would lead our investors with more benefit. In near future, we will ask all our partners and customers to use our token as a kind a payment gateway and it is definitely faster and safer with no fee at all. Moreover, it's one of the best ways we have managed to keep its price going stable and significant through the time. We will also manage to organize cyber-security startup tournament for youth where our token will be used as a type of fee and prize. In cyber-security, we have partnered and served many big companies such as Toshiba, Simens, Omron, and HoneyWell etc. Our cyber experts, CyberX Project provides the most trusted and widely-deployed platform for securing IIoT and industrial networks, spanning diverse sectors including energy, manufacturing, utilities, water, oil & gas, chemicals, pharmaceuticals and transportation. CyberX enables our customers to significantly reduce risk and strengthen their operational resilience, both today and as they implement new digitization initiatives. Our strategic partnership with CyberX enables us to offer a mature, field-proven solution that's scalable and can be rapidly deployed.

7.1. Ecosystem - Built on Risk Score Algorithm We have built a very stong Ecosystem that would lead our investors in a longterm investment. CyberX Project will also allow the creation of new startup models based on the up-to-date innovation and trend. Our algorithm would give anyone to build new services on top of our services easily. Ecosystem integration is an important part of our long-term plan for CyberX Project.



7.2. Future of Cyber-security  Decentralized Cyber-security

This is the most ambitious element of the plan, and we are proud to be the first blockchain in cyber-security. In near future, we will use the above ecosystem built to transform isolated & centralized cyber-security systems operated by CyberX Project and introduce a new decentralized cyber-security platform. Cyber-security plays an important part of a company, without cyber-security their business will fail dramatically by hackers and haters. Of course, with CyberX's blockchain, businesses can authenticate users and devices without the need for a password. This eliminates the human factor from the 16 authentication process, therefore preventing it from becoming a potential attack vector. Jin Luo, founder, and CEO of CyberX Project says that the advantage of simple logins and a centralized architecture are a big weakness of traditional systems. "It's not about how much cash a company pays to their security, all these efforts are in vain, if customers and employees use passwords that are simple to crack or steal. Blockchain takes the responsibility for strong authentication, fixing the individual point of attack simultaneously. In addition, the decentralized network assists us to implement consensus between parties for their identification"



8. Roadmap We have been preparing for months, we seriously did draw a very long-term vision for our ICO, but it's not everything here. It's just a draft; we may have another roadmap in other quarter.

8.1 Roadmap Diagram

8.2 Market We have a long history of experience operating primarily with Cyber-security based in Singapore, Germany and Japan, and we have already recognized the innovative opportunities in these massive markets that will be taken advantage for growth and to attract sizeable market share. Moreover, we also do believe there is also a great event for us in Europe, Singapore, and Japan. We are already taking the lead in solving cyber-security issue. Experience shows there will be fast innovation in the Asian market before other markets catch up. In Germany, huge projects to figure out cyber-security risk have been rolled out in last several years and millions of new businesses will be in market first time that can be supported by CyberX Project platform. However, we have very big and potential concern in China & India is one of our important goals to reach, and we will go towards engaging those potential markets. Part of the contribution will be used to make CyberX multi-language to make it more accessible for non-English speaking nations.

8.3 Project Transparency It's clear that transparency is our main goal. On successful completion of the crowdsale rounds, then we will be providing periodic updates on the progress of the CyberX Project platform to token holders using a disclosure service such as http://cyberx-project.com. Once the platform is started and there are transactions & services open in the network, there will be a real-time stats API and website so that information is clearly provided on network activity and growth in real-time to partners and token investors.

8.4 Exchanges Currently, we are in touch with several main exchanges, in December, after ICO crowd sale, our token will be added in Sweden exchanges. Then, more will come soon in other months and quarter, it will take time. But news always comes. We are also considering building our own platform for exchanges and lending service after reaching a certain cap (not reveal yet)



9. Toke Distribution

A majority of our token will be sold for contributors and investors, company holds 20% of that to build partnership, marketing, organizing events and leagues for new startup, CX token will be used as a kind of prize for winners of our monthly tournaments. 21 Plan to use funds:

10. Team

CyberX Team have been operating its services for over 7 months and we employs an international and passionate team with vision, ability, innovative thinking, openness, management skills, marketing knowledge, and developers coming from various backgrounds as IT, cyber-security, blockchain, and relationship dealers. A complete profile of the team is available at https://www.cyberx-project.com

Especially, we are always looking for new gifted guys who specialize in cybersecurity, blockchain technology, graphic design and marketing. If you are interested in joining our team, do not hesitate to send your CV and cover letter to HR@cyberxproject.com or recruitement@cyberx-project.com or visit the site, you will see an option like this: 23 12.

11. References

1. https://venturebeat.com/2017/01/22/blockchains-brilliant-approachtocybersecurity/

2. https://www.allerin.com/blog/blockchain-technology-for-improvisedcybersecurity

3. https://hackernoon.com/using-blockchain-technology-to-boost-cybersecurity19b6ef4e6898

4. https://cointelegraph.com/news/pentagon-thinks-blockchain-technologycanbe-used-as-cybersecurity-shield

5. https://www.infosecurity-magazine.com/next-geninfosec/blockchaintechnology/

6. https://www.coindesk.com/700-billion-senate-defense-bill-callsblockchaincybersecurity-study/



