WHITEPAPER

daneel

BRINGING DATA INTELLIGENCE INTO THE CRYPTO JUNGLE

WWW.DANEEL.IO 1



WHITEPAPER



Table of contents



PRIOR WARNING



4



A NOTE FROM DANEEL'S FOUNDER



5



INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN AND TO CRYPTOCURRENCY



6



BLOCKCHAIN: A REVOLUTION IN THE MAKING



6



WHAT IS CRYPTOCURRENCY?



7



EXCHANGING CRYPTOCURRENCY; A SPECULATIVE INVESTMENT



8



ACCESSING REACTIVE AND RELIABLE SOURCES OF INFORMATION; A STRATEGIC CHALLENGE FOR THE CRYPTOCURRENCY



INVESTOR



9



THE DIFFICULTY IN MANAGING MULTIPLE CRYPTOCURRENCY PORTFOLIOS



12



OUR OBJECTIVE



13



LIMITS OF EXISTING PERSONAL ASSISTANT SERVICES



14



OUR SOLUTION



15



WHAT TYPE OF INVESTOR IS DANEEL SUITED FOR?



15



TECHNOLOGICAL ASPECTS



17



THE MAIN TECHNOLOGICAL STAKES



17



PRESENTATION OF DANEEL'S FEATURES



20



HOW CAN YOU ACCESS DANEEL?



27



PARTNERSHIPS & PARTNER SERVICES



28



PARTNERSHIP WITH IBM



28



PARTNERSHIP WITH CRYPTO-VALLEY



28



BITCOIN ASSOCIATION SWITZERLAND



29



PARTNER SERVICES & APIS



29



ROADMAP



31



USE OF DAN TOKENS



33



PROCESS OF SUBSCRIBING TO THE SYSTEM



34



PRICE OF SUBSCRIPTIONS AND PAYMENT



35



 EROSION  MECANISM



35



SALES PROCESS FOR DAN TOKENS



36



PRESENTATION OF DAN TOKENS



36



DURATION AND PROGRESSION OF THE SALES PROCESS



37



INITIAL DISTRIBUTION OF THE TOKENS



38



PRICE AND CONDITION OF ACQUISITION OF DAN TOKENS



40



BONUSES DURING SALES



41



EXCHANGE OF TOKENS



41



WWW.DANEEL.IO 2



USE OF RAISED FUNDS SOFT CAP AND HARD CAP PROCEDURE FOR THE BEGINNING OF THE SALE DETAILS OF THE PROCESS REQUEST FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION (KYC) MINIMUM INVESTMENT DURING THE ICO TRANSFERT OF DAN TOKENS AFTER THE ICO REFUND AND CANCELLATION USE OF PRIVATE DATA SECURITY

THE TEAM

THE ADVISORS

JOIN THE DANEEL COMMUNITY

LEGAL TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE

ARTICLE 1: PURPOSE ARTICLE 2: PUBLICATIONS ARTICLE 3: INFORMATION REGARDING THE SALE ARTICLE 4: CUSTOMER INFORMATION ARTICLE 5: COMPANY INFORMATION ARTICLE 6: WARNINGS ABOUT RISKS RELATED TO THE SALE



WHITEPAPER

42 42 43 43 47 47 47 47 48 48

49

55

59

60 60 61 61 65 67 71



WWW.DANEEL.IO 3



WHITEPAPER

PRIOR WARNING

This Initial Coin Offering (ICO) as presented by the DANEEL ASSISTANT company is an unregulated operation of fundraising. There are many risks involved for customers, especially the potential loss of the entirety of the currency exchanged for tokens emitted by DANEEL ASSISTANT. Only persons warned of these risks are eligible to participate in the ICO. Furthermore, consumers (under the European directive n2011/83/UE), the "American people" (under "Regulation S" du Securities Act 1933 of American law"), citizens from Canada, Cuba, Iran, Irak, Syria, Yemen, North Korea, Singapore and China are excluded from the ICO.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 4



WHITEPAPER

A NOTE FROM DANEEL'S FOUNDER

First of all, thank you for your interest in Daneel. I hope that this document will enlighten you about our vision and our project. Daneel is born from the passion of its creators for Blockchain and cryptocurrency, in a changing world, one in which the two technologies have a real role to play. Our role is to democratize cryptocurrency in order to make it more accessible to mass market investors, by proposing a thoughtful and innovative solution for them. We are aware of the bad publicity linked to the notion of an ICO (Initial Coin Offering) over previous months, mainly due to a lack of reliability in certain projects. That's why, even though the legislative framework is still developing, we were determined to respect all basic responsibilities in legislation, security and information. We hope that you will therefore see this as guarantee of reliability, and that you will believe in us and in Daneel. We welcome your comments and suggestions at the email address joseph@daneel.io. Enjoy your reading and see you soon,

Joseph Bedminster

Founder of Daneel Assistant Company

WWW.DANEEL.IO 5



WHITEPAPER

INTRODUCTION TO BLOCKCHAIN AND TO CRYPTOCURRENCY

Blockchain: a revolution in the making

A real, innovative tool which is about to profoundly transform our societies as well as the relationships between individuals, organizations and states, Blockchain represents a chain of "blocks" (digital containers) where information of all sorts is stored: transactions, contracts, title deeds, works of art... This set of blocks form a database similar to the pages of a great accounts book, known as a "register", which is itself hosted by a group of network users. Unlike the centralized system that currently governs our societies, Blockchain primarily allows users to get away from a centralized body or a third party. At the heart of this system, special users called "miners" have the role of ensuring the validity of transactions by providing the entire network with the computing power of their computers. Once the algorithm has completed its validation exercise, all users of Blockchain can simply verify that the exercise is correct; then, when a large majority of Blockchain users have validated the computing operation, the block is added to the chain and the transactions that it contains are considered valid. Blockchain therefore includes the following advantageous characteristics:

 Security: The decentralized framework and the blocks' codes guarantee the absolute security of the information.

 Disintermediation: The concept of "consensus" replaces any of centralized validation.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 6



WHITEPAPER

 Autonomy: The creation of cryptocurrency covers the costs of the infrastructure involved.

By this revolutionary principle, Blockchain is on the brink of causing a profound upheaval to all sectors of the economy, and many related projects have already begun.

What is cryptocurrency?

Each Blockchain is associated with a cryptocurrency (also called a token). The most well-known is the Bitcoin, a currency invented by Satoshi Nakamoto in 2008.

Today, there are several hundred different digital currencies.

They all share the common trait of being a virtual means of exchange, not based in any single state, as opposed to the Dollar or the Euro. They circulate via peer-topeer networks, based on cryptographic algorithms, and are not necessarily intended as a payment system between users.

The number of units in circulation and the maximum money supply are defined in advance and visible to all. Until proven otherwise, cryptocurrency cannot be counterfeited or stolen.

It is possible today to define several separate families of cryptocurrency, which are adapted to the objectives of the communities who use them:

 "Infrastructure" currency: the type of currency likely to bring about the most profound changes, whose ambition goes far beyond being a simple means of payment, and which has the objective of offering a real alternative to the existing financial system. Examples: Ethereum, NXT, Ripple...

WWW.DANEEL.IO 7



WHITEPAPER

 "Social" currency: currency created to allow the easy exchange of small financial amounts between web users ("social tipping"), on existing social networks in particular.

 Alternative currency: broadly inspired by Bitcoin, these currencies attempt, via technical innovation, to function either more easily, more securely or more rapidly, for example by reducing transaction verification times.

o Examples: Litecoin, Digibyte...

 Anonymous currency: currency created solely to serve as a purely anonymous means of payment, protecting both the user's identity as well as their transactions.

o Examples: Monero, Bytecoin...

Exchanging cryptocurrency; a speculative investment

Cryptocurrencies are primarily an investment of potential profitably. These alternative digital currencies represent, in effect, a new kind of investment intrinsically linked with our modern digital economy. While extremely volatile, they can demonstrate impressive financial performances: Bitcoin exceeded a rate of 6,000 USD in October 2017, despite being traded at a rate of 434 USD in January 2016!

Indeed, it's because of cryptocurrency's speculative nature that it attracts investors, who generally appreciate the risky characteristics of this kind of market. Speculation is rampant in the universe of cryptocurrency, not only in regards to

WWW.DANEEL.IO 8



WHITEPAPER rate variation against the dollar, but also regarding the financial operations that cryptocurrencies finance. Many investors are also in search of an asset to provide diversification to their portfolio, and thus invest a small proportion of their assets with a view towards a long-term gain. Cryptocurrency can effectually provide for the needs of investors seeking to diversify their risks by turning toward alternative investments.

Accessing reactive and reliable sources of information; a strategic challenge for the cryptocurrency investor

A major concern for every investor, having access to a comprehensive, reliable and rapid source of information is a fundamental part of the decision-making process in cryptocurrency investing.

With the development of the digital world and the increasing "datafication" of our society, information is becoming more and more immediately accessible to every individual, through exchange platforms, social media, specialized print media, television programs, groups of influencers, word of mouth and more. Not a day goes by without being flooded with information!

WWW.DANEEL.IO 9



WHITEPAPER

In the face of such an inundation of data, investors will inevitably encounter a number of difficulties.

Cross-referencing sources and analysing content to access reliable information

Rumours and conflicting or manipulated information can significantly influence the purchase and sale of cryptocurrency for numerous investors. In fact, for many years digital and interactive means have bit by bit taken over all classic forms of communication media and non-media, and the Internet has come to be completely integrated in corporate marketing campaigns. Furthermore, the development of social networks favouring interaction between web users in an often anonymous manner has led each individual to post more and more often, unavoidably leading to an increase in misinformation. The Internet has thus become social, movable and participative... and today one tweet from an influential individual may have more of an impact on cryptocurrency rates than the actions of institutions themselves! So, to what extent can information concerning cryptocurrency be biased? How can reliability be ensured, so that the plethora of online information a user encounters does not jeopardize every one of their investments?

Capturing the right information at the right time, amongst all available data

As an investor, the search for reliable information often resembles a complex quest: how can we identify the limited number of good resources? How can we sort them out? How can we interpret this information in order to make informed decisions?

WWW.DANEEL.IO 10



WHITEPAPER

In addition, while certain investors may benefit from a lack of information, others feel overwhelmed by the flow of available data and will inevitably find themselves exposed to an overabundance of information. This phenomenon of overexposure will result in an alteration in decision-making and a decline in investment performance. Information encountered about investments needs to be sufficient without becoming overwhelming, as well as easy and practical to use.

Capturing the emotions of the market

The sheer amount of information available renders each investor more vulnerable to emotion when investing.  Fear of Missing Out  (FOMO),  Panic sell ,  Fear, Uncertainty and Doubt  (FUD), are several examples of the phenomena that can negatively influence the ability of investors to manage their emotions while making decisions. This poor emotional management then leads to ill-thought-out short-term actions, including sudden changes in trading and investment strategies, and the following of unfounded trends... often at the expense of invested capital.

Benefiting from an appropriate level of knowledge and comprehension around cryptocurrency

Understanding the details of Blockchain and cryptocurrency, learning to trade, mastering the fundamentals... these are some of the many topics that each investor should know and understand. But where can this information be found?

WWW.DANEEL.IO 11



WHITEPAPER The various tutorials available on the Internet come with a relatively high price tag, and are often not sufficiently adapted to an individual's personal level.

The difficulty in managing multiple cryptocurrency portfolios

Investors in cryptocurrency generally invest through exchange platforms chosen based on:

 The number of cryptocurrencies listed  The volume of exchanges present  The fees charged by the platform  The level of security and reliability  The design and ergonomics

Therefore, it often happens that an investor is obliged to use several platforms to buy and sell the currencies they are interested in. Managing these different platforms often involves multiple restrictions for the investor: difficulty in following investment performances, using different currencies, slowness of services, two-step connections to platforms, managing multiple sets of login details, risking error during transfers between platforms... as many situations within this sector require a high level of responsiveness, this set up may prove dire for the investor.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 12



Our objective



WHITEPAPER



To design the first intelligent personal assistant who can accompany you in the daily management of cryptocurrency.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 13



WHITEPAPER

Limits of existing personal assistant services

Assistants (or "bots") currently available on the market have many notable functional and technological limitations. The present solutions are effectively confined to supplying information (the rate of a cryptocurrency, information on the launch of an ICO, newspaper articles...) through different channels of communication like Facebook and its "Messenger" application, through "Slack" or even through "Telegram". Their use is also rarely user-friendly, as they often necessitate using predefined commands to carry out simple requests, based around the recognition of set key words ( What is the price of BTC? ). These solutions respond only to a basic need, using primitive artificial intelligence systems that are not able to:

 Understand and interpret natural human language  Analyse and select the most reliable information available  Interact in a relevant way, in order to communicate the right trend at the

right time

WWW.DANEEL.IO 14



Our solution



WHITEPAPER



As we are fully aware of the limitations of these previous solutions, we'd like to suggest an assistant of a new kind: a personal assistant based on Watson, one of the most efficient artificial intelligences in the market, who will be responsible for providing daily assistance in the world of cryptocurrency.

Through this, you will have ready access to an intelligent counsellor able to:  Understand and interact with you  Keep you informed in real time, with quality information that he gathered and

analysed himself  Identify and capture the different emotions of the market  Alert you as soon as one of your investments is in jeopardy  Facilitate easy portfolio follow-up and management, as well as ease of sales

and purchases.  Provide daily advice on your investments and on market trends  Provide personally-tailored indicators



This is the objective we have set for ourselves, and you can help us to develop it.



What type of investor is Daneel suited for?

Daneel is not intended to address professional investors, particularly those already involved in trading rooms. Indeed, these investors often rely on specialized and costly technologies, often developed and jealously guarded by banks.

On the contrary, we want to democratize access to artificial intelligence for investors by offering our technology to non-professionals.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 15



WHITEPAPER To do this, we have identified three mass-market investor profiles: beginner, intermediate and advanced users.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 16



TECHNOLOGICAL ASPECTS



WHITEPAPER



The main technological stakes

In order for Daneel to meet all the objectives that we have set, we will have to address several factors on a daily basis.

Make full use of the power of  Natural Language Understanding 

Daneel will need to be able to understand your queries every time you turn to him, regardless of spelling or sentence structure. We will have to be confident of the ability of the system to analyse and understand the meaning of human language, to perceive emotions and to correctly perform the relevant actions.

Guarantee the reliability of the information analysed and proposed by Daneel

How can we, in a world with a huge amount of sources of information (online newspapers, forums, social networks, expert networks, exchange platforms...) determine which sources are reliable, so that information used is sure to be trustworthy and free from manipulation? We currently make use of the superior skills of the Blockchain sector, of specialized journalists, and of specialized counsellors to bring together different informational

WWW.DANEEL.IO 17



WHITEPAPER

references. The goal is to categorize these, and then to determine reliability, as well as which the method to employ for each source.

To gather together the mass of information within a sector is the first step, but to analyse it is another one entirely. To provide the requisite intelligence to the service, it will be necessary to perfect the algorithm developed during the prototype design, in order to consider all flows of information, and give only the most suitable and reliable information to the user.

Offer personalized advice, adapted to the needs of each nonprofessional investor profile

As a personal assistant, we want to make Daneel as personalised as possible for each user. We would like to make each experience unique, and aim to place Daneel in a position to provide the best possible advice to the user. Our primary objective is user satisfaction. That's why we have created the profiles of novice user, intermediate user and of experienced user. Every user will therefore be able to take advantage of all the features they require, while receiving an experience tailored to their level, and to their expectations regarding information and control.

Ensure the security of all data

How can we ensure the safety of your information? How can we limit the risk of hacking attempts by outside third parties? Important safety measures should be established between the user and the Daneel ecosystem. The mobile application, as well as the web platform, will have to address important safety constraints and will therefore be frequently audited by external services and partners. As for the architecture, it must be hosted and secured by the world's leading specialists in the cloud and IT security.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 18



WHITEPAPER Our teams will endeavour to monitor the functioning of all services, as well as questions asked and answers delivered, in order to ensure the reliability of exchanges with the API of our ecosystem, and those of our partners.

Relying on best practice in terms of ergonomics and design

We attach great importance to offering the best user experience throughout the use of the Daneel service. To do this, we'd like to refer to the best practices used in ergonomics and design during the development of each both the web and mobile interfaces, and commit to an approach centred completely on the user.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 19



Presentation of Daneel's features



WHITEPAPER



STAY INFORMED

Gather, aggregate and analyse information

The concept of curating is at the heart of Daneel. To begin, Daneel searches, browses, collects and analyses different sources of information available from various online channels: news feeds, general media, specialized media and social networks. Once the information is collected, he sorts and categorizes all relevant data in order to only offer information deemed to be highly reliable. You will then see in real time a summary of all necessary information concerning:  The current rates of all your specified cryptocurrencies  Cryptocurrency news sorted by theme (technological, legal, partnerships...).  Different  Initial Coin Offering  operations available

Analyse the Emotions of the Market

In addition to analysing and summarizing information, we wish to allow Daneel to analyse the emotions of the market using a  Social Emotion Indicator  function. Our artificial intelligence collects messages posted on social networks, then analyses them and conveys to the user the predominant online sentiments surrounding the cryptocurrency of their choice. In this way, you can more easily detect pump or growing doubt surrounding a cryptocurrency, and be up-to-date for every decision you make.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 20



WHITEPAPER

In addition, you can also benefit from indicators which identify which currencies are the most cited in news sources and on social networks, as well as those most searched on Google.

Define a Cryptocurrency Confidence Score

Our artificial intelligence will use a specially developed algorithm to calculate a  Confidence score ., by analysing currency rates, recent events, and the perceived emotions of users on social networks. This score, given out of 10, will reflect the reliability of a currency at a given moment. It will give investors a good idea of the risk involved in an investment.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 21



WHITEPAPER

Access to the detailed analytical report of cryptocurrency

Need a comprehensive report on a currency? Histories, statistical data, graphics, company organisation, important personnel, recent events: Find all this information in one document, generated every day, thanks to our artificial intelligence.

INTERACT

Interact with Daneel thanks to our conversational service

What could be an easier way of obtaining information than simply asking for it? To get Daneel's analyses, you only need to express a request.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 22



WHITEPAPER Artificial intelligence searches for the information best suited to your research, and the results are then easily communicated to you. Daneel may also offer quick choice actions in response to certain demands, in order to help you save time. Based on the "Machine Learning" principle, the system will learn continuously: the more users that pose questions, the more it will be able to refine its answers and results: that is the power of IBM's Watson artificial intelligence!

Never heard of Watson's power?  Watson is an IBM-designed computer system that applies advanced technologies for natural language processing, information retrieval, knowledge representation, automated reasoning and automatic learning to the field of open-ended question answering. 

MANAGE YOUR PORTFOLIO

Manage your cryptocurrency portfolio

You will be able to manage different accounts from compatible exchange platforms within the application. Add your account via your API keys, and then follow the progress of your investments in real time ...

Daneel will provide you with daily guidance in managing your investments. You will be notified immediately if your investments fluctuate, or if a new piece of information is likely to impact one of your investments!

WWW.DANEEL.IO 23



WHITEPAPER Don't want to use API keys? Simple: tell Daneel the type and quantity of each cryptocurrency you possess, and he will register it in your personalized profile and provide advice to you in the exact same way!

Place orders in one click

Thanks to the API of the exchange platforms compatible with Daneel, you will be able to place immediate purchase and sale orders: you will therefore be able to react rapidly to any announcement or an important event that Daneel shares with you!

WWW.DANEEL.IO 24



LEARN AND EDUCATE YOURSELF



WHITEPAPER



Particularly suited to beginner users, the Education service helps to respond to the main questions concerning the sector and Blockchain technology. Several ideas and concepts will be explained to the user each day, and they will be able to test and validate their knowledge through Multiple-Choice Questions.

SHARE

Social trading & social interactions

In addition to the help given by our artificial intelligence, we wish to integrate a functionality called social trading, a service which allows users to observe and follow the investments of experienced investors.

Through this, the most popular community traders could receive DAN tokens in exchange for their participation in the ecosystem.



AND AFTER ?

We will organize, on a recurring basis, different innovation events during which every Daneel user will be able to submit new functionality ideas. The best ideas will be rewarded in DAN tokens.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 25



WHITEPAPER WWW.DANEEL.IO 26



How can you access Daneel?



WHITEPAPER



The services and functionalities mentioned will be accessible via a web platform and a mobile application, directly at the site www.daneel.io or through downloading the mobile application that will be available at a future date.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 27



WHITEPAPER

PARTNERSHIPS & PARTNER SERVICES

In order to accelerate Daneel's development and carry out our project, we have placed etablishing partnerships at the heart of our strategy.

Partnership with IBM

It is through this goal that we have already developed an international partnership with the company IBM. Thanks to this partnership, we now have access to unmatched expertise on artificial intelligence, to leading-edge solutions such as Watson as well as to the means and resources that allow us to sustainably support our project. As IBM, a renowned multinational in the sectors of the cloud, of Machine-Learning and of artificial intelligence, have placed their trust in us, why shouldn't you? Agreement reference: 9ffc3  Daneel Assistant O, Estonia

Partnership with Crypto-Valley

Considered to be the largest actor ecosystem in the fields of cryptography and Blockchain, Crypto Valley, based in Zug in Switzerland, will accompagny us throughout this project. Comprising of start-ups, professionals, researchers, and entrepreneurs, this organization has become a crucial actor in the sector which Daneel will develop in throughout the coming months.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 28



WHITEPAPER Crypto Valley will support our teams, and will provide us with an important network of technical support, infrastructure and events.

Bitcoin Association Switzerland

An association of Blockchain and cryptocurrency enthusiasts that gathers together a number of sector professionals, start-ups and professors. This very active community will provide us with support, and will allow us to exchange ideas on their networks as well as during regularly sheduled events . One of the roles of this association is making cryptocurrency accessible to the general public, and to democratize Blockchain technology, and as such it will be a valued contributer to the Educational goals of our solution.

Partner services & APIs

Within the framework of our platform development, we will make use of various external services to enrich Daneel's functioning. Some of these services provide relevant and regularly-updated data sets, by allowing access in particular to market prices, information linked to ICOs, newfeeds... In this way, in addition to official APIs of exchange platforms, we endeavour to make the best use of the data provided by these select external services. Here are some examples:

WWW.DANEEL.IO 29



WHITEPAPER WWW.DANEEL.IO 30



ROADMAP



WHITEPAPER



WWW.DANEEL.IO 31



WHITEPAPER WWW.DANEEL.IO 32



USE OF DAN TOKENS



WHITEPAPER



DAN tokens will be at the heart of the use of our intelligent assistant service. Indeed, they will allow the user to:

 Subscribe to a monthly service enabling the use of all Daneel features  Interact with the platform and its users



WWW.DANEEL.IO 33



Process of subscribing to the system



WHITEPAPER



Daneel's application and services will be accessible only to users registered on the platform.

Two types of subscription will be available.



Several subscription options may become available, including monthly, quarterly and annual subscriptions.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 34



Price of subscriptions and Payment



WHITEPAPER



We wish to offer a subscription with a fixed price that won't change with the DAN token price.

In other terms, the price of the subscription will always be the same regardless of the rate of DAN on the exchange platforms.

As a reminder, DAN tokens can be aquired:

 By investing during the Initial Coin Offering phase  By buying tokens on the exchange platforms that will trade DAN.



 Erosion  mecanism

Every time a user will pay for a subscription, a principle of "erosion" will be applied to the token and 6% of the total number of DAN will be burned. Ex: John subscribes for a monthly subscription and pays 100 DAN. Daneel put back 94 DAN on the market, 6 DAN are burnerd.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 35



WHITEPAPER

SALES PROCESS FOR DAN TOKENS

Tokens made availible by  Daneel Assistant Company  are accompanied by a duty to act  borne by the company. This duty to act is the following: to develop and make available to general public investors an intelligent assistant destined for the world of cryptocurrency.

Presentation of DAN tokens

Daneel (DAN) tokens will only be used to subscribe to the intelligent assistant service proposed by  Daneel Assistant Company . The total supply of DANEEL tokens is limited to 100 000 000 tokens. DAN token is not a security nor a financial asset. It will not generate any revenue by itself. They will be exchanged on different exchange platforms as soon as they are available.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 36



WHITEPAPER

Duration and progression of the sales process

The sales process of DAN tokens will be carried out in two steps over December 2017 and January 2018.

 A presale phase (or pre-ICO): from 04 December 09h00 UTC to 08 December 2017 20h00 UTC.

 A sale phase: from January 29th 2018 09h00 UTC to March 5th 2018 20h00 UTC.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 37



Initial distribution of the tokens



WHITEPAPER



For the 100 000 000 tokens created, the distribution will be as following:  60% of the tokens, that is 60 000 000, will be put up for sale during the

duration of Daneel commercial operation (pre ICO, ICO).

The tokens put for sale will be separated into two lots:  A first lot of 1 000 000 of tokens sold during a presale, that is 1% in total.  A second lot of 59 000 000 of tokens; sold during a sale open to the public,

that is 59 % in total.

After the pre-sale, all the unsold tokens will be placed on sale again during ICO. After the ICO, all the unsold tokens will be burned.

 7.5% of tokens, that is 7 500 000, will be preserved in reserve by the

company. These tokens could be sold in the future, by lots, in the case of the company needing supplementary funds to cover expenditure linked to service development. Tokens will be held in Multisignature wallet. Their sale, as well

WWW.DANEEL.IO 38



WHITEPAPER as the underlying objective, will be announced in advance on the Company's official website.

 20% of tokens, that is 20 000 000, will be distributed to stakeholders

(global team, counsellors, community) that have contributed actively to the success of the operation.

These tokens will be stored in a Multisignature wallet. If a member of the team wants to sell its tokens, the transactions will require the signatures of multiple team members before the funds can be transferred. This process will allow the team to control the impacts on the token price.

 5% of tokens, that is 5 000 000, will be distributed to external investors of

the enterprise. The tokens reserved for external investors will be distributed between the different structures and investors that have supported and financed the development of the Daneel project.

 5% of tokens, that is 5 000 000, will be distributed within the framework

of the rewards program. The tokens allocated to the rewards programs will be distributed to community members that have participated in the distribution, communication, advertisment or translation of the project on the networks.

 2.5% of tokens, that is 2 500 000, will be distributed within the framework

of the Product Social Rewards.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 39



WHITEPAPER

Price and condition of acquisition of DAN tokens

During the period of the DAN tokens sale, tokens will be available at the single rate of 0.25 EUROS (approx. 0.30 USD). The client will be able to acquire DAN tokens against other cryptocurrencies. The list of accepted cryptocurrencies during ICO phase is the following:

 Bitcoin (BTC)  Litecoin (LTC)  Ethereum (ETH)  Monero (XMR)  Dash (Dash)  Ether Classic (ETC)  Lisk (LSK)  Stratis (STRAT)  Waves (WAVES)  Zcash (ZEC)  Ripple (XRP)

The number of tokens allocated during an order will be calculated on the basis of the cryptocurrency rate defined by our partner CoinPayments (https://www.coinpayments.net/) at the time of the confirmation of the payment being received Only during the ICO, investors will also be able to buy DAN tokens using Paypal.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 40



WHITEPAPER

Bonuses during sales

In order to reward our first users, we offer the following bonuses:

Exchange of tokens

By definition, tokens can be exchanged on different exchange platforms specializing in cryptocurrency. We are currently speaking with several of these platforms in order to list DAN tokens. Discussions are open with the following platforms: Poloniex, HitBTC, Binance, and Livecoin.

Binance

WWW.DANEEL.IO 41



Use of raised funds



WHITEPAPER



The funds raised during the ICO will be employed in the achievement of our objectives.

All of the funds will be distributed to finance the following activities:  Development of our intelligent assistant and web & mobile platforms  Financing operational needs  Financing marketing and advertising  Legal and accounting support.  Payment of external services (partner companies, API services)

Soft Cap and Hard Cap

 Minimum amount at which ICO will be considered as a success (soft cap): 2,000,000 DAN tokens

 Hard cap is fixed at 60,000,000 DAN tokens sold

WWW.DANEEL.IO 42



Procedure for the beginning of the sale



WHITEPAPER



On the first day of the sale, preregistered users will receive an email informing them of the beginning of the sale session to take place on the company website (https://www.daneel.io).

During the process of the sale, we will also rely on the platform and service of our Coin Payments partner https://www.coinpayments.net.



Details of the process



To proceed with the purchase of DAN tokens during the sale phase, each client will have to follow the procedure described below.



Step 1: Connection to the client space



WWW.DANEEL.IO 43



WHITEPAPER The user connects to their client space after registering their email and password and providing validation through the Captcha system.

Step 2: Validation of terms and conditions

The user accepts the terms and conditions.

Step 3: Registration of personal information

WWW.DANEEL.IO 44



WHITEPAPER The user fills in the different required fields to provide their personal information and the ETH address through which they will receive DAN tokens.

Step 4: Selection of Cryptocurrency

The user is directed to the participation page of our partner  Coinpayments . They will then need to select the cryptocurrency with which they wish to buy DAN tokens, fill in their personal information then confirm the payment request.

Step 5: Payment

Adresse

WWW.DANEEL.IO 45



WHITEPAPER The user sends the amount requested in the chosen currency to the indicated address. The payment will be valid when the sufficient amount of Blockchain validation is reached.

Step 6: Validation

Once the payment is validated, the user will receive a confirmation email from Coinpayments informing them that the transaction is validated. A tracking number will be included in this email: it must be kept safe. Once the sale is over, they will be invited to fill in the compatible Ethereum ERC20 address on which they wish to receive DAN tokens. They will be then credited with the number of tokens corresponding to their investment. The secure space on the site https://www.daneel.io details the transactions performed and the payments received. For more information refer to the online help at https://www.daneel.io/help.html, or contact us by email on contact@daneel.io

WWW.DANEEL.IO 46



Request for personal information (KYC)



WHITEPAPER



In order to participate in the sale, and with the purpose of complying with the rules of good practice regarding transparency during the raising of funds, we require certain information from investors. The following information will need to be transmitted before any DAN token purchase by the user during subscription to the platform:

 Name and surname  Address and country of residence  Phone number  Email address The investor will also declare, by validating their subscription:  That they are in compliance with existing legislation in their country of

residence  That they are authorised to participate in such a sale



Minimum investment during the ICO

The minimum purchase amount to participate in the ICO is fixed at: 100 USD per participant.



Transfert of DAN tokens after the ICO

All DAN tokens will be sent to the investors in a period of 3 weeks after the ICO.



Refund and Cancellation

No refunds will be available, as a cryptocurrency payment is sent by the user during the DAN tokens sale operation. Please refer to the legal notices below for more information.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 47



Use of Private Data



WHITEPAPER



The private data collected during registration as well as the data linked to the Daneel platform use and its services are the property of the company. The data may be used for analytical purposes, to provide better results for users and to improve our artificial intelligence system. Nevertheless, the society undertakes to neither use this information for commercial research nor to sell this information for use by other companies. Please refer to the legal notices below for more information.



Security

The security of our user platform is at the heart of our concern. That's why our company will regularly have our services audited by global security experts and by partners. The platform's web security and that of your personal data is reinforced thanks to the services of partners specialized in hosting and informational security.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 48



THE TEAM



WHITEPAPER



Joseph BEDMINSTER

CEO-Founder of Daneel

Specializing in software engineering, Joseph has previously worked for companies and startups in France on a freelance basis. In 2015, he co-founded the startup, Bonanza and assumed the position of Chief Technical Officer.

Renowned for its matching algorithm, the service makes it possible to efficiently link companies with students looking for positions. The company soon won over the French public and is today in a phase of international expansion. Joseph was then hired as a manager in a research and innovation laboratory. Responsible for making prototypes for companies, his work has led him to explore the areas of Artificial Intelligence, conversational assistant technologies, and Big Data.

His background has allowed him to work with companies such as IBM, discovering Watson's services, and also to collaborate with Microsoft.

Passionate about cryptocurrency, he dreamt of an assistant system capable of responding to user requests using natural language. In 2017, he decided to embark on the adventure of creating the company Daneel Assistant.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 49



WHITEPAPER

Florian MUNOZ

Chief Operations Officer

Passionate about innovation and technology, Florian began his career as a consultant at IBM in the "Strategy & Transformation" department. After three years working with the Top Management level of the Major French groups, he decided to join NIJI in January 2014 to develop expertise in digital transformation topics. Specializing in marketing, he has developed expertise in the development of digital strategies and in the management of innovative projects and collaborates daily with banking, insurance and mass distribution players. As part of his duties, Florian has worked on several projects related to artificial intelligence and the creation of personal assistants. A passionate investor in cryptocurrencies and Blockchain technology and convinced of real interest in the solution, Florian has joined Daneel as a Chief Operations Officer.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 50



WHITEPAPER

Selim RINAZ

Chief Technology Officer

An experienced developer, Selim is passionate about artificial intelligence and autonomous systems. With his experience as a software developer and project manager, he has successfully implemented complex systems for large groups and developing startups.

Having become an expert in the design of chatbots for the health sector, Selim has designed automated systems for large world-class groups that are capable of communicating with a multitude of sensors and users simultaneously.

Demonstrating rapidly his ability to master Blockchain and Ethereum technologies, he has come on board as our software solution architect.

Julie NAUDIN

Partnership Manager

Julie has developed skills in banking management, innovation project management, lobbying and fundrising within the Groupe La Poste between 2009 and 2017. She has worked with the top management of major French companies, public and private institutions and many startups via the FrenchTech network.

She left her salaried work in February 2017, having created from scratch La Poste Group's coworking subsidiary, to start her own business. She now lives her passion: analyzing and then sharing the best investor's advice with all who wish to become financially free. In this context, she explores and successfully realizes the stock market, real estate and

WWW.DANEEL.IO 51



WHITEPAPER

cryptocurrency investments.

She discovered Daneel when she looked for a tool to make information more reliable and help decision-making in the wild cryptocurrency world. Attracted by its high-level of technology and sharing the "accessible for all" philosophy, she joined the team and is in charge of partnerships management.

Aurlien MUNOZ

Product Owner

Aurlien started his career at Amaris Switzerland, a fastgrowing, top consulting company, as Corporate Development manager. His polyvalent skills led him to work on international development, business processes, analytics and tools, and on the functional conception of the in-house ERP. He worked in three different countries and evolved quickly into a Director position with management responsibilities. His taste for entrepreneurship made him look for new challenges - first within the French unicorn startup "Mondocteur," and then to create his own startup project. Passionate about technology, Aurlien has been working on the conception of management softwares for Health professionals, and the development of chatbots for large accounts. He is deeply involved in the cryptocurrency world at several levels: trading, mining and ICOs. Joining Daneel as Product owner is a perfect fit, combining his two passions: software development and cryptocurrencies.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 52



WHITEPAPER

Guillaume GUERIN

Developer

Guillaume has had the opportunity to work on large projects related to the Ethereum Blockchain. One example is the prototyping of a private network based on energy exchange and self-regulation (SUNPAY), as well as the development of a mobile application for the transfer of ERC20 tokens (an open-source project). He is a back-end developer and is very interested in cryptocurrencies. With his skills in mobile and web development and his Blockchain experiences, Guillaume is in charge of the structures of the mobile applications for Daneel's iOS and Android services.

Fabien DUCOUDRAY

Community Manager France

Crypto-enthusiast, investor and lover of new technologies, Fabien joined the Daneel team to work as a Community Manager. As an engineer dedicated to work on daily customer feedback, product improvements, innovation and user experience feedback in controlled environments, Fabien quickly understood Daneel's potential. Fabien joined Daneel and is now in charge of animating the French community of users.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 53



WHITEPAPER

Rangana PUCHIHEWA

International Community Manager

Rangana is a highly qualified/skillful Electrical Engineer with strong abilities in Electrical Engineering. Furthermore, He is an author of several IEEE Research Papers, Block-Chain Enthusiast, Crypto-Currency Researcher, Initial Coin Offering Promoter, Investor and Entrepreneur. He has been working as a community manager for many blockchain projects. He is qualified in CIM with a CPM, participant in CIMA global Challenge Competition and hold strong abilities in marketing, Rangana has turned his focus in to promoting blockchain projects as a hobby. He maintains a well-known cryptocurrency group for helping most of the newbies to the field. Rangana has joined Daneel as the International Community Manager.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 54



WHITEPAPER

THE ADVISORS

Note : We are still in discussion with several top advisors  final list will be published before our ICO

Jean-Hugues LAURET

Serial Entrepreneur

A graduate of the University of California in Computer Systems and Telecommunications, Jean Hugues worked for major national telecommunications groups (Orange Group), then as Director of Development and Innovation at SVP (SAP ERP).

An entrepreneur since 2001, he founded a multitude of companies in France, UK, Switzerland and the United States in the fields of new technologies. In 2010, he became head of the innovation division of the prestigious French school MinesTlcom, and conducts research in the fields of Cloud and Big Data. Since 2016, he has been president of the Connect Territories group, and has accompanied startups on Blockchain, IoT and renewable energies.

Alexandre LACOUR

CTO at SOMEFLU / Advisor & mentor at IONIS361 French startup incubator

A graduate in computer engineering from EPITECH, Alexandre spent 6 years as CTO at SOMEFLU, a leading company in the centrifugal pump industry. In charge of IT architecture from 2005 to 2011, he then became executive director of the company in January 2011. Diversifying his activities, he also

WWW.DANEEL.IO 55



WHITEPAPER

became a partner at CTO-Partners, and provided advice to startups in the French ecosystem. Since January 2017, he has become a mentor and advisor for the IONIS361 business incubator in Paris, France. He mainly works as an expert in fields related to data processing in companies: Big Data, Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. Bringing his contacts and his knowledge to the project's cause, he is our main technical adviser.

Christophe GUITTET

Manager - Artificial Intelligence (Watson) and Cognitive Business Solutions at IBM

Christophe began his career as a consultant at IBM in the "Strategy & Transformation" consulting department. After three years working on innovative projects, he joined at its creation the IBM Watson french team to develop his expertise in Artificial Intelligence and Cognitive solutions: NLP / NLU, conversational, visual recognition, smart search etc.

Passionate about cognitive science since and philosophy of language, semiology and neuropsychology he is now in charge of managing Watson teams and delivering strong cognitive projects for IBM's major industry customers.

Christophe has joined Daneel as an IBM Watson advisor.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 56



WHITEPAPER

Pierre FERTOUT

Blockchain advisor @Sodexo / Teacher @ESSEC Business School / Founder of Startup-stud.io

A convinced "Strategeek", passionate about Cryptocurrencies and blockchain applications, Pierre has worked for 5 years as Strategy & Management Consultant for Stanwell Consulting. He worked for the top management of the biggest financial institutions of France before joining Sodexo as a Digital Project Manager in 2015, working with 36 Countries.

Since 2015, Pierre has been a teacher at ESSEC Business School (ranked Business School #2 in Finance) for the Advanced Master Strategy & Management of International Business (ranked #4 worldwide) and he has supervised the writing of 35 theses, including 5 about the Blockchain.

Since May 2017, Pierre has, as well, co-founded the Startupstud.io (Start Up creation accompaniment) and participated in the development of 7 start ups in different universes, among others A.I. and Blockchain.

Pierre has joined Daneel to bring all its energy to the Partnership team

Astrid NOIZAT

Chief Digital Officer at ALTAVIA

Crypto-enthusiast, passionate about innovation and digital transformation, Astrid managed digital agencies and was Chief digital officer of a major communication group for the last 3 years, working with customers and agencies in 30 countries.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 57



WHITEPAPER Astrid has many experiences in advising startups and innovative solutions in different fields, in France and Europe, throughout the creation of a corporate fund.

Christophe FONTENEAU

Startup specialist & COO at 1KUBATOR

Partner of 1kubator, France's largest digital incubator, Christophe is an innovation player. His background makes him a specialist in corporate marketing and corporate development.

STILL IN DISCUSSION

 Top ICO advisor  founder of several companies

WWW.DANEEL.IO 58



JOIN THE DANEEL COMMUNITY



WHITEPAPER



https://www.facebook.com/daneelproject https://twitter.com/daneelproject

https://medium.com/@daneel_project https://t.me/projectdaneel

https://daneel.io/ico/slack-invite



WWW.DANEEL.IO 59



WHITEPAPER

LEGAL TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE

ARTICLE 1: Purpose

These General Terms and Conditions of Sale ("GTC") are concluded between the Company ("the Company" in this document) Daneel Assistant O Company, whose registered office is located at: Narvamnt, 5 Kesklinnalinnaosa, Tallinn, Harjumaakond, 10117, Estonia, registered under number 14345754, and the natural or legal person purchasing the products or services from the Company, hereinafter the "Customer" or "the Investor". These GTC apply without any restriction, as of right, to all products and services offered for sale by the Company in connection with the sale of DAN tokens (the specifics of which are detailed in this document), during the period called ICO, or "Initial Coin Offering". These terms prevail over any other document issued by the Customer or the Company, and apply as soon as they come into effect to all purchases.All other documents presented in the media, on the official website https://daneel.io, and other paper or digital copies, are therefore presented as non-contractual and do not engage the responsibility of the Company. The GTS is a contract concluded between the Customer and the Company for the purposes of the Sale. By completing their registration on the web platform (https://daneel.io), the Customer accepts and acknowledges these Terms, and undertakes to respect them.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 60



ARTICLE 2: PUBLICATIONS



WHITEPAPER



The official Website is: https://www.daneel.io. The Company reserves the right, and without prior notice, to modify, add, or delete content.

The Company reserves the right to make the Website unavailable, to move it to another address, or to delete it.



ARTICLE 3: INFORMATION REGARDING THE SALE

3.1 Notice regarding the sale of tokens during an ICO

 Participation in an ICO, and more broadly, investment in a cryptocurrency is a high-risk investment. None of the information or analysis presented in this document is intended to form the basis of an investment decision, and no specific investment recommendation is made. As a result, this document does not constitute investment advice. 

 The Customer is fully aware of the fact that the acquired tokens do not open any right to participate in the decision-making process within the Company, any right to its results or any economic interest. Tokens are not recognized as Company shares or any other comparable asset. 

 Furthermore, the DAN token is not considered as electronic money within the meaning of European Directive 2009/110 / EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009. 



WWW.DANEEL.IO 61



3.2 The DAN token in the Daneel ecosystem



WHITEPAPER



 The Sale is for the sale of virtual "Tokens" (or "Tokens"), "Daneel Tokens" (the "DAN"). 

 Tokens will have a virtual currency role in the Daneel ecosystem. They will make it possible to acquire and pay for the subscription required to access the intelligent assistant service. 

 The token created and issued by the Company, called the "DAN Token" is a non-regulated digital asset. It will be accepted within the Daneel ecosystem. 

 The Company is the sole decision-maker in its capacity to provide the Daneel ecosystem to token owners, within the framework of technical, legal, economic or other constraints imposed by third parties or by the Company itself on its operations. The Company warns buyers (the "Customers") that DAN cannot be used until the Daneel ecosystem has been created. 

 If the DANEEL ecosystem is not completed or does not function permanently, the tokens will not be refunded. The owners of DAN accept that this is a significant risk.



3.3 Creation and issue of the token

 At the end of the Sale, the tokens will be created on the Ethereum Blockchain.  The Ethereum protocol does not belong to the Company, it is a decentralized

and autonomous Open Source protocol.   The Company has no rights or responsibilities over this protocol.  Tokens will be generated using a "Smart Contract"

(https://www.ethereum.org).  The token generated will respond to the nomenclature called "ERC20", as

described by the Ethereum community.  Tokens will be subject to the operating terms of the Ethereum network.  The creation of the smart-contract and the issuance of tokens will be

WWW.DANEEL.IO 62



WHITEPAPER

provided by the Company or a third party authorized by the Company.  Once the Customer owns the tokens, they may freely give up, exchange or

sell all or part of them.   The Customer is informed of the immaterial and virtual nature of the DAN

tokens that they acquire.   The Customer is aware that no guarantee is attached to the DAN Tokens.

3.4 Token price

 During the sale transaction, the token will be sold at the following price: 1 DAN Token = 0.25 EURO.

3.5 Validity of the tokens

 There is no time limit for the validity period during which the tokens may be used. 

 The Company reserves the right, if it proves necessary, to set a limit at a later date. 

 In this case, the Company undertakes to notify Customers within a period of at least 6 months.

 Tokens, once issued, being linked to the Ethereum Blockchain, cannot be permanently removed from the network. Thus, in the event that the Company calls into question the validity of the tokens, the tokens would continue to exist on the Ethereum network, but would simply no longer be accepted within the Daneel ecosystem or by the Company. 

 The Customer understands and accepts the validity of DAN tokens as described in these Terms.

3.6 Terms of Sale

 The sale will take place on the Official Website: https://daneel.io.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 63



WHITEPAPER

 The platform used to perform the cryptocurrency exchanges to participate in the sale will be done through the Coinpayments platform (https://coinpayments.net). 

 The date and instructions will be explained on the Official Website.

3.7 Personal information requested at the time of the Sale (Know Your Customer Policy)

As part of the know your customer (KYC) Procedure, any person wishing to acquire DAN must provide DANEEL with the following information on the site dedicated to the ICO before purchasing:

o Full name (for individuals) o Company name (for corporations) o Address, and tax residence, Country of residence o Telephone number o E-mail address

3.8 Cancellation and refund policy

 The Customer's participation is considered effective once they invest in cryptocurrency. 

 Once the Customer's participation in the sale is effective, no cancellation or refund will be possible. 

 The Customer acknowledges that they are fully aware that they will not be able to claim any right to partial or total refund, in any circumstances whatsoever. 

 The Customer's participation is deemed irrevocably accepted by the Customer upon receipt of an acknowledgement of receipt of investment by the Company, or its partners. 

WWW.DANEEL.IO 64



WHITEPAPER

 The Company reserves the right to correct any clerical errors or omissions in the contractual documents linking it to the Customer without this opening the right to any right to compensation.

3.9 Sale restrictions

Sale is prohibited:   To any individual resident in the United States, and more broadly to any "US

person" within the meaning of "Regulation S" of the US Securities Act 1933).  To Canadian citizens. o To Singaporean citizens. o To Chinese citizens.  Any partner or business, or a legal entity organized or established under

United States law;  Any estate whose executor or director is a US person  More broadly, to any natural or legal person whose laws in their country of

residence prohibit their participation in the Sale, or the holding of cryptocurrency or tokens based on "Blockchain" technology (see the section on Customer Responsibilities- Legal obligations of the Investor).  To any individual having been engaged in any illegal activity, including but not limited to money laundering and financing of terrorism  To any individual being located in a geographic area that is subject to UN-, US-, EU-, CH-, Estonian-, or any other sovereign country sanctions or embargoes, and don't have any other affiliation to such sanctions

ARTICLE 4: CUSTOMER INFORMATION

4.1 Information received by the customer

 By participating in the Sale, the customer accepts these General Terms and Conditions of Sale, and certifies to have received all the information necessary for their participation.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 65



4.2 Customer's Obligations



WHITEPAPER



4.2.1 Responsibility for storage and security

 The Customer acknowledges that they are solely responsible for the storage, security and use of the acquired tokens, under normal conditions of use and in accordance with the legislation in force in their country of residence.

 The Company cannot be held liable in the event of loss, abnormal use, destruction, theft or any other cause that is harmful to the Customer.

 The Customer is also solely responsible for the security of the possession of theirs tokens, their account on the Daneel ecosystem, or any other combination or account related to the Company, both now and in the future.

 The Company cannot be held responsible for any illegal or fraudulent use of the Customer's password.



4.2.2 Legal obligations

 The Customer certifies to have knowledge of the legal frameworks and laws applicable in their country of residence concerning: their participation in the current sale, investment in a cryptocurrency and the holding of a cryptocurrency or a digital token (or token) based on "Blockchain" technology. 

 The Customer also certifies to respect the laws applicable in their country. In case of failure on the part of the Customer to comply with these laws, the Company cannot be held legally responsible 

 The Customer undertakes to inform the Company in the event of an element or event that may have a direct or indirect impact on the Customer's participation in the sale. 

 The Customer undertakes to provide any additional information that may be required by the Company in connection with their participation in the Sale. 

 The Customer shall refrain from any attempt to misappropriate (Modification, breach of security, impairment of availability etc.) the content produced by

WWW.DANEEL.IO 66



WHITEPAPER

the Company, as well as its media (Official Website, media, etc.).   The Company cannot be held responsible for the Customer's declaratory

obligations relating to the country on which they depend. The same applies to any charges or taxes that would be payable by the Customer, in relation to the purchase, possession, use or transmission of their tokens.

4.2.3 Information on the protection of personal data 

 The personal information provided by the Customer when registering and participating in the Sale is exclusively intended for the Company.

 All information requested when registering on the Official Website is mandatory, and the Customer agrees to provide correct information, under penalty of cancellation of their participation in the Sale.

 The Company cannot be held liable if the Customer provides incorrect information when registering. 

 The Customer has a right to access, modify, rectify and delete personal data concerning them. 

 If the Customer wishes to exercise this right, they will have to contact the Company by post or by e-mail, explaining their request and the reason for the request along with a copy of an identity document. 

 If the Customer makes a request to modify or delete data essential to their participation in the Sale, the Company reserves the right to revoke their participation. 

 The Company undertakes not to use the Customer's data for commercial prospecting purposes.

ARTICLE 5: COMPANY INFORMATION

5.1 Non-liability of the company

 The Customer expressly acknowledges the unpredictable nature of the project. 

 The risks are explained in this document. 

WWW.DANEEL.IO 67



WHITEPAPER

 The Customer acknowledges and accepts as an essential condition of these Terms that they will not be able to prosecute or bring legal proceedings, whether direct or indirect. 

 The responsibility of the Company cannot under any circumstances be engaged on the following basis:  o Service operations not in accordance with the terms described in this document, o Inadequate services for Customer needs, o Loss or destruction of a user's DAN tokens, o Malfunction or failure of the Daneel ecosystem, o Failure in the security of services involving the disclosure or loss of data related to the service, or user-related data, o Transmission of personal information relating to a user to competent administrative or judicial authorities in the context of a judicial request, o Suspension or discontinuation of the service

 Given the unpredictable nature of the project and Blockchain and Ethereum technologies this list is not exhaustive.

5.2 Intellectual property

 The Customer acknowledges that the Company remains the sole and exclusive owner of all industrial and intellectual property rights and know-how attached to the tokens, and content produced.

5.3 Termination

 In the event of non-compliance by the Customer with one of these Terms, the Company may automatically terminate the Sale 15 clear days after a simple notification has remained without result; this termination occurring without prejudice to the other provisions hereof. Offers to pay and perform subsequent to termination or payment or

WWW.DANEEL.IO 68



WHITEPAPER

performance after the time limit does not remove the right to declare or maintain the termination incurred.

5.4 Contract Integrity, waiver, interpretation

 If any of the provisions of these General Terms and Conditions of Sale are declared void or deemed unwritten, all other provisions remain applicable and continue to have full effect.

 The fact that the Company does not avail itself of any of these clauses cannot be interpreted as a waiver of the right to use the same clause at a later date. 

 The interpretation and assessment of the validity of any contract is interpreted according to the following documents, in descending order in the hierarchy of the standards: GTC, acknowledgement of receipt of the order, invoice and delivery notification.

5.5 Force majeure

 Any event beyond the control of the parties, that they cannot reasonably foresee nor reasonably avoid or overcome is considered as force majeure, provided that its occurrence renders the performance of the obligations completely impossible, affects the execution of the Order or contractual equilibrium (e.g.: natural disaster, substantial change in the price of resources, variation of customs duties, armed conflicts, labour disputes, modification of regulations, failure of a subcontractor or machine breakdown etc.). The first party to act shall inform the other Party without delay and by any means; the Parties then agreeing to negotiate in good faith any modification made necessary to ensure the continuity of the contractual commitments.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 69



WHITEPAPER

However, if this continues for more than 3 months, the first party to act may terminate the contract in writing without incurring liability and without the other party being entitled to recourse or compensation with any amounts already received by the Company, irrevocably retained by the Company.

5.6 Legislative changes

 The Customer is informed that the legislative framework of the Sale is still being developed in the country in which the Company is established. They are fully aware that new frameworks and new laws can be established after the Sale. 

 The Company therefore reserves the right to make changes to the terms of the Sale, in order to ensure the legality of the operations conducted by the Company in Estonia. 

 The Company also reserves the right to respond favourably to requests from legal authorities that require the Company, through a legal process, to obtain information concerning Customers.

5.7 Language, Competent Court

 These GTC and any contractual relations concerning the products and services sold by the company are governed exclusively by Estonian law. The translations of these terms that are made available to the Customer are for informational purposes only and are not binding. Only the English version of these terms has legal value. 

 Prior to any legal action, the Parties shall endeavour to seek an amicable settlement. Failing this, any dispute of any nature whatsoever, shall be the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of the area of the Company's registered office; no document can imply any

WWW.DANEEL.IO 70



renewal of or exceptions to this jurisdiction clause. 



WHITEPAPER



ARTICLE 6: WARNINGS ABOUT RISKS RELATED TO THE SALE

6.1 Risk of losing access to DAN tokens due to loss of identification information

 Tokens acquired by the buyer may be associated with the user's DANEEL account, stored on an exchange or on a physical medium. The loss of information to access the DAN tokens will result in the loss of the DAN acquired during the Sale. The Customer should refer to the identifier security and storage clause as described in the Customer Responsibilities - Storage and Security section.



6.2 Risks concerning the Ethereum protocol

 The DAN and the Daneel solution are based on the Ethereum protocol. Thus, any malfunction, or unexpected operation of the protocol can impact the Daneel ecosystem, along with the DAN tokens. 

 Ethereum, a protocol currency, can itself lose value in a similar way to DAN tokens.

 Further information on the Ethereum protocol is available at the following address: http://www.ethereum.org.

 The Company is not responsible for the network or the Ethereum protocol.



6.3 Risks related to the ongoing development of the ecosystem



WWW.DANEEL.IO 71



WHITEPAPER

 Many platform features and functionalities will have to be developed as part of the Daneel project. The Customer accepts that the Daneel solution is subject to software and technical risks and that there is a risk that such features and functionalities may never be deployed on the platform.

6.4 Legal risk

 Blockchain technologies have been reviewed by various regulatory agencies around the world, including within the European Union. The ICO was structured in consideration of the European law applicable at the time of the offer. 

 The development and operation of the Daneel solution and DAN tokens may be impacted by the passing of new laws impacting Blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, possession or exchange of cryptocurrencies, etc. 

 The risk that any new legislation may impact the development of the Daneel ecosystem as well as the value of the DAN tokens, should be taken into consideration by the Customer. 

 Given the current state of legislation concerning the technologies used within the Daneel ecosystem, the Company encourages Customers to carefully read the legal issues that concern them in their country of residence. 

 The Customer is thus informed and accepts that the Company cannot be held responsible if the Customer participates in the Sale by disregarding the laws in force in their country of residence.

WWW.DANEEL.IO 72



6.5 Risk related to the value of the DAN token



WHITEPAPER



 Considering that the value of DAN tokens will change over time, the Customer is informed that the adoption of the project by the public and the success or otherwise of developments related to the Daneel project may have an impact on the price of DAN tokens.



6.6 Risk that the functionalities offered do not meet Customer expectations

 The Daneel service may be subject to significant changes depending on the functional and technical decisions made by the Company. All Customer's expectations regarding the personal assistant service and DAN tokens may not be fulfilled when the service is launched.



6.7 Risk of theft and piracy

 Despite all the means the Company employs to ensure the security of the company's infrastructure and services, malicious or criminal organisations may attempt to interfere with the services or access the Company's infrastructure.



6.8 Risk related to token exchange places

 If the tokens are made available on one or more exchanges, given the emerging nature of Blockchain technology and the novelty of the exchanges in cryptocurrencies, the risks of (non-exhaustive list): failure, fraud, software or network problems, could occur on the platforms, potentially leading to a decline in the value of the DAN token

WWW.DANEEL.IO 73



or the loss of some or all of the users' DAN.



WHITEPAPER



 The Customer is well aware that the Company will not be responsible, in any way, for the exchange structures on which the DAN tokens will be listed.



6.8 Risk of uninsured loss

 Unlike bank accounts or accounts in other regulated financial institutions, funds held using the DANEEL or Ethereum network are generally uninsured. In case of loss or loss of value, there is no public or private insurer, to offer recourse to the buyer.



6.9 Risk of dissolution of the Daneel project

 It is possible that, for several reasons including but not limited to, an unfavourable fluctuation of the DAN token, an unfavourable evolution of the legislative framework concerning cryptocurrencies or even due to the failure of team members or partners, the DANEEL project may no longer be a viable activity and may be dissolved or not initiated.



6.10 Unforeseen risks

 Given the new and fluctuating nature of Blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and virtual tokens, the Customer is aware that there may be unforeseen risks, which are not listed in this document.



WWW.DANEEL.IO 74



WHITEPAPER WWW.DANEEL.IO 75



