2173 Salk Ave, Suite 250 Carlsbad, CA, USA hello@dlbx.io www.dlbx.io

DealBox Whitepaper

October 23, 2017



Introduction

DealBox sets a new standard in how blockchain ventures are vetted and managed from concept to token sale.

The DLBX token is a unique voucher that blockchain enthusiasts can use to acquire presale tokens of top-tier blockchain ventures. DLBX is pegged to $1.00 USD internally to shield holders from volatility and can be repurchased at the original discounted token sale price.

2



Table of Contents

04 -- Legal Disclaimer 05 -- DealBox Token Issuance 06 -- DealBox Overview 09 -- DealBox Services 12 -- DealBox Process 22 -- DLBX Token 23 -- DealBox Platform 28 -- Timeline & Funds Allocation 29 -- Team 30 -- Risk Factors

3



Legal Disclaimer



The purpose of this White Paper is to present the DealBox platform and DLBX token to potential token holders in connection with the proposed token sale. The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship.

Its sole purpose is to provide relevant and reasonable information to potential token holders in order for them to determine whether to undertake a thorough analysis of the company with the intent of acquiring DLBX Tokens. Nothing in this White Paper shall be deemed to constitute a prospectus of any sort or a solicitation for investment, nor does it in any way pertain to an offering or a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in any jurisdiction.

This document is not composed in accordance with, and is not subject to, laws or regulations of any jurisdiction, which are designed to protect investors. The product token is not a digital currency, security, commodity, or any other kind of financial instrument and has not been registered under the Securities Act, the securities laws of any state of the United States or the securities laws of any other country, including the securities laws of any jurisdiction in which a potential token holder is a resident.

DLBX tokens cannot be used for any purposes other than as provided in this White Paper, including but not limited to, any investment, speculative or other financial purposes.

DLBX Tokens confers no other rights in any form, including but not limited to any ownership, distribution (including, but not limited to, profit), redemption, liquidation, property (including all forms of intellectual property), or other financial or legal rights, other than those specifically set forth below.



Certain statements, estimates and financial information contained herein constitute forward-looking statements or information. Such forward-looking statements or information involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual events or results to differ materially from the estimates or the results implied or expressed in such forwardlooking statements.

This English language White Paper is the primary official source of information about the DLBX token. The information contained herein may from time to time be translated into other languages or used in the course of written or verbal communications with existing and prospective customers, partners etc.

In the course of such translation or communication some of the information contained herein may be lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. The accuracy of such alternative communications cannot be guaranteed. In the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies between such translations and communications and this official English language White Paper, the provisions of this English language original document shall prevail.



4



DealBox Token Issuance



DLBX Token Type: ERC-20 standard-based Ethereum token. 400M DLBX tokens will be offered for a 60-Day discount period starting on November19, 2017 7PM PST until January 19th, 2018 7PM PST. There will be a pre-sale of 20M DLBX tokens for accredited investors starting on August 23, 2017 and ending on November 18, 2017.

Token Sale Discount Schedule Pre-sale = 0.25 cents per DLBX (accredited investors only)

Nov 19Dec 19: 15% Bonus 1-10k DLBX = .75 cents per DLBX 10k+ = .50 cents per DLBX



Token Sale Volume Token Issuance Distribution of Tokens

Website Accepted forms of payment Accepted Toke Sale Funding Wallet Public Token Sale Start Date Public Token Sale End Date Token Issuance Date



No Cap 500M 20M Presale 400M Public Token Sale 20M Founder Reserve (1 yr. lock-up)  60M Advisory/Incentives/Bounty www.dlbx.io Presale/USD  Token Sale/ETH

https://myetherwallet.com

11-19-17 7pm pst

01-19-18 7pm pst

immediately available for withdrawal from wallet



5



DealBox Overview

DealBox (The Company) is a San Diego based capital advisory firm whose mission is to simplify and streamline inherently difficult processes. The company offers a host of sound flexible solutions capable of accommodating diverse budgets sets and multiple objectives that include; valuations, structure analysis, recommendations, offering documents, and collateral materials.

Capital Services Group (CSG), a parent company, and DealBox (DealBox) span a business-cycle of 10 years and have served 350 + companies in various capacities. DealBox is in the forefront of structured capital market services.

The Company is in a constant state of discovery relative to; research, adoption, cycling-in the latest technologies and best practices to better serve current and future clients. DealBox is acutely aware there's no "one-size-fits-all" solution for companies living with the daunting task of raising capital.

6



DealBox Overview

DealBox was founded by industry professionals who have been working across capital markets for the past 30 years. DealBox understands the preparation process and the difficulty in raising capital because they've been on both sides of the table, at times as an issuing company and other times, on the sell-side working with industry professionals, investment bankers, venture capitalists and advisory firms.

7



DealBox Overview



Raising capital can be an overwhelming process for startups and early-stage growth companies. Preparation is a key critical process and includes numerous disciplines that include; financial, capital advisory, legal and marketing.

DealBox provides strategic insight, single point of contact, a road-map of events and milestones guided by a professional support-team responsible for drafting documents, providing timely advisory support and accountability for the following: offering documents, pro forma dynamic financial models, due diligence, data room management (document repository), investor materials and presentation scripting. Having a single point of contact is easy to manage and incredibly beneficial to the client insuring the client is fully prepared moving forward and beyond successfully.

DealBox is taking real world compliance/due diligence capital markets, bleeding-edge



technology and best practices to the emerging cryptocurrency market by way of the DealBox token sale crowdfunding platform.

By leveraging over a decade of proven traditional capital markets expertise with an A.I. assisted and tokenized crowdfunding model built on nextgeneration, secure Ethereum code libraries, DealBox brings a new level of trust and accountability to the volatile and fast-growing ICO ecosystem.

The first token sale was held by Mastercoin in July 2013. Ethereum raised money with a token sale in 2014. The first ICO was held by Karmacoin in April 2014 for its Karmashares project. ICOs and token sales are now extremely popular.

In 2017 at least 90 Initial Coin Offerings have taken place, raising more than a combined $1 billion US Dollars.



8



DealBox Services

Blockchain - Token Sale



DealBox Token Sale

In a blockchain/Token Sale solution the same best practices employed in the off-chain RegD world would be applied to preparing and executing a token sale. Pre-sale tokens for these projects will be available to DLBX holders.



 Pro forma financial model  Token structure analysis & recommendations  Competitive analysis and market research  White Paper  Corporate fact sheet  Podcast interview with management team  Due diligence and data room coordination  Presentation scripting  Related corporate housekeeping  Strategic advisory  Offering documents



 Explainer video  Marketing  ICO Website Development  Smart Contract Development  Legal Consulting  Corporate entity formation



9



PRE-TOKEN SALE

Eugene bought DLBX Token @ 50 cents

since each DLBX has $1 USD of purchasing power on the DealBox platform Eugene is getting a 50% discount on Pre-Sale Tokens



PRE-TOKEN SALE

Pre-Sale Tokens



PRE-TOKEN SALE

Pre-Sale Tokens



10



Within 30 days repurchase original

stake of DLBX at original purchase price.



Purchase DLBX

Exchange DLBX for Pre-Sale Tokens of Pre-Token Sale Projects on DealBox Platform.



Pre-Token Sale project launches token sale. Hold

Pre-Sale Tokens or sell on exchange.



DLBX used to exchange for Pre-Sale Tokens held in reserve



11



We take security seriously

The DealBox token sale and all of the token sales that are launched on the DealBox platform will be comprised of smart contracts built on the hacker-proof Majoolr platform.

12



Majoolr Ultra-Secure Ethereum Contracts

Executive Summary



The Ethereum network is poised to become the single most revolutionary technology since the modern internet was introduced in the 1990's. In 2017, the world has seen a surge of interest in distributed ledgers which began with the launch of the Bitcoin network in 2009. Ethereum's ability to build on Bitcoin concepts with a Turing-complete computing machine inside of a blockchain network has opened up a myriad of opportunities.

The countless opportunities mixed with the surge in popularity has led to hundreds of millions of dollars in resources being directed at a variety of individual projects aiming to leverage Ethereum technology. This behavior provides tangible proof of both interest and market potential for the system, however, each project within the network has been left to manually handle the most basic of processes, leaving overall gaps in security, usability, and consistent standards.



Recognizing this opportunity, Majoolr aims to build systems that close these security gaps and help facilitate mainstream adoption.



13



Majoolr Ultra-Secure Ethereum Contracts

Problem Overview

The majority of smart contracts are deployed in a custom, fragmented fashion. For even basic functionality such as math operations, token contracts, or array iterations, every development team must either write their own source code, copy/paste code from a variety of sources, or store code files from open repositories and deploy them. This manual handling and code deployment leaves unnecessary security gaps at the very beginning of every Ethereum development project and the problem is non-trivial. The Ethereum ecosystem is now responsible for holding and transferring assets worth billions of dollars. Majoolr aims to solve this problem starting with open source.

14



Majoolr Ultra-Secure Ethereum Contracts

Mission Statement

Our mission is to build secure, dependable, user- centric systems for Ethereum blockchains.



Majoolr will be at the center of global distributed ledger adoption as we bring security, standards, and confidence to the many layers that make up the blockchain experience. Our system designs enforce methodologies such as modular, reusable, open source code packages, pre-deployed on the network, as well as robust unit and integration testing, clear documentation, and fluid communication amongst developers and between developers and clients. Majoolr open source code libraries are the starting point as we form the foundation for any development team to build on.



Our libraries provide these teams the confidence that any base computing functionality will perform as expected and without glaring security gaps.

15



Majoolr Ultra-Secure Ethereum Contracts

Use Case



Majoolr currently has 12 deployed libraries handling four areas of logic:

 Math Operations

 Array handling

 Standard Tokens

 Multisig Wallets

These libraries are deployed on all three major Ethereum networks including Rinkeby, Ropsten, and Mainnet. The open source repository located at https://www.github.com/Majoolr also contains all documentation to incorporate our libraries throughout the entire development workflow for any distributed application from compilation to testing to deployment. These code bases have been thoroughly tested and incorporated in live smart contracts and the higher level libraries, such as those used for tokens and wallets, also leverage the lower level library deployments.



More importantly, since we have focused on deployed library contracts, development teams using them do not have to touch this code base, they merely link to the code already live on the chosen network. This layering of tested, documented, and deployed immutable source code offers an unmatched level of security for contracts that use them. Development teams are left to focus on the security of their custom code built on top these libraries.

The Majoolr team will continue to expand its efforts with improving security on all Ethereum networks. This expansion will include additional open source library code to handle a variety of common logic operations, standardized contracts, and user systems that leverage tested code bases. Our hope is to provide a substantial contribution to the future global economy in distributed systems.



16



DLBX Token

DLBX tokens grant their holders the following benefits:  Access to the DealBox SaaS Platform  Access to due-diligence and financial data on pre-approved

blockchain projects.

 The ability to use DLBX tokens for acquisition of DealBox

approved project pre-sale tokens

 The ability to repurchase DLBX tokens at the original

purchase price.

 Internal peg to $1 USD per DLBX

17



DLBX Platform

The DealBox platform will be offered at dlbx.io Currently the DealBox platform is in public alpha.

18



Mechanism for exchanging DLBX tokens for DealBox Pre-ICO project tokens



DLBX holders will be able to log into the DealBox platform and review data for all active pre-token sale projects.

DLBX holders will be notified 2 weeks prior to presale tokens on approved projects being made available. Token pre-sales will be timed events and a certain number of pre-sale tokens will be available for acquisition by DLBX holders on a first come first serve basis.

1 DBLX = $1.00 USD Value for exchange of presale tokens.



DLBX holders will be able to keep track of the current number of DLBX they hold, trade DLBX for pre-sale tokens across any active pre-toke sale projects on the DealBox platform and keep track of acquired pre-sale tokens via a user interface in the DealBox SaaS platform.



Limit 50k DLBX per user, per project (to nullify whale effects)



19



Timeline



November 19, 2017 Public Token Sale



February 1, 2018 DealBox Platform Beta Launch



August 23, 2017 Presale



January 19, 2018 End Public Token Sale



March 1, 2018 Submission to Exchanges



20



Funds Allocation



10 % 10 %

10 %



70 %



Presale @ 5M



1st Round Projects Seed Investment



70%



Platform Development



10%



Operations



10%



Marketing



10%



20 %



Token Sale



Blockchain Venture Fund



60%



10 % 10 %



60 %



Operations Legal Marketing



20% 10% 10%



21



Team

22



Risk Factors



The purchase of tokens involves a high degree of risk, including but not limited to the risks described below.

Before acquiring DLBX tokens, it is recommended that each participant carefully weigh all of the information detailed in this White Paper, and, specifically, the following risk factors.

A. Dependence on computer infrastructure

DealBox's dependence on functioning software applications, computer hardware and the Internet implies that DealBox can offer no assurances that a system failure would not adversely affect the use of the sale participants' DLBX tokens. Despite DealBox's implementation of all reasonable network security measures, its processing center servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins or other disruptions of a similar nature. Computer viruses, break-ins or other disruptions caused by third parties may result in interruption, delay or suspension of services, which would limit the use of the DLBX tokens.

B. Smart contract limitations

Smart contract technology is still in its early stages of development, and its application is of experimental nature. This may carry significant operational, technological, regulatory, reputational and financial risks. Consequently, although the audit conducted by independent third party increases the level of security, reliability, and accuracy, this audit cannot serve as any form of warranty, including any expressed or implied warranty that the DLBX Smart Contract is fit for purpose or that it contains no flaws, vulnerabilities or issues which could cause technical problems or the complete loss of DLBX tokens.



C. Regulatory risks

Blockchain technology, including but not limited to the issue of tokens, may be a new concept in some jurisdictions, which may then apply existing laws or introduce new regulations regarding Blockchain technology-based applications, and such regulations may conflict with the current DLBX smart contract setup and DLBX token concept. This may result in the need to make substantial modifications to the DLBX smart contract, including but not limited to its termination, the loss of DLBX tokens, and the suspension or termination of all DLBX token functions.

D. Taxes

DLBX token holders may be required to pay taxes associated with the transactions contemplated herein, whether in the United States or in their home countries. It will be a sole responsibility of DLBX token holders to comply with the tax laws of the United States and other jurisdictions applicable to them and pay all relevant taxes.



23



Risk Factors



E. Force Majeure

DealBox's performance may be interrupted, suspended or delayed due to force majeure circumstances. For the purposes of this White Paper, force majeure shall mean extraordinary events and circumstances which could not be prevented by DealBox and shall include: acts of nature, wars, armed conflicts, mass civil disorders, industrial actions, epidemics, lockouts, slowdowns, prolonged shortage or other failures of energy supplies or communication service, acts of municipal, state or federal governmental agencies, other circumstances beyond DealBox's control, which were not in existence at the time of White Paper release. If such circumstances occur prior to the issue of DLBX tokens and DealBox is unable to issue DLBX tokens within one month from the projected date, the escrow agent may issue a refund at the request of the DLBX token purchasers. The refund will be issued in the original amount and form of payment to the same digital wallet or bank account where the funds were transferred from.

F. Disclosure of information

Personal information received from DLBX token holders, the information about the number of tokens owned, the wallet addresses used, and any other relevant information may be disclosed to law enforcement, government officials, and other third parties when DealBox is required to disclose such information by law, subpoena, or court order. DealBox shall at no time be held responsible for such information disclosure.



G. Value of token

Once purchased, the value of a DLBX token will have $1.00 USD of purchasing power on the DealBox platform. The value of DLBX on an exchange may significantly fluctuate due to various reasons. DealBox does not guarantee any specific value of the DLBX token over any specific period of time. DealBox shall not be held responsible for any change in the value of DLBX token.

H. Number of DealBox projects

DealBox does not guarantee any number of Token Sale projects' applications submitted through its platform. DealBox has control over the number of projects applying for a Token Sale nor over their ultimate success. The expected number of submissions is based on the number of inquiries received by DealBox to date and DealBox's market forecasts. The number of submissions and the number of projects presented may vary and may not reach the expected volume, which may ultimately affect the expected length of the project and the DLBX token holders' ability to exchange their tokens for the new Token Sale projects' tokens at the anticipated rate and discount.



24



Risk Factors

I. Number of new DealBox projects' tokens available for exchange The number of new Token Sale projects' tokens available for exchange for DLBX tokens may vary due to multiple factors such as the amount of funds received by DealBox through the sale of its DLBX tokens, the total number of DLBX tokens sold, market conditions, legal regulations, and other risks. DealBox does not guarantee any specific number of new projects' tokens available for exchange for an DLBX token at any given time. J. Incomplete Token Sale DealBox offers only consulting, technology, marketing, and legal tools to projects seeking to conduct their own Token Sales. DealBox has no control over the actions of the projects' teams. DealBox will provide its tools to any project that passes the DealBox vetting process. However, DealBox shall not be responsible for the completion or success of any Token Sale if such failure resulted from the actions of the projects' teams or third parties. Existence of projects which received paid services but failed to issue its tokens may negatively impact DLBX token exchange rate. Please note that the DealBox project may be subject to other risks not foreseen by its team at this time.

25



