DeckCoin

Enabling Payment for Content Creation September 2017

1



Contents



Abstract



3



Landscape



3



Deck Coin



4



Minimizing Artificial Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4



DeckSwap



4



Player and Rank Verification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5



Benefits for Sellers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5



Benefits for Buyers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5



Use of DEK on DeckSwap . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6



Supported Games for Launch . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6



Future Games . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7



Market Acquisition



8



Payment for Account Verification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8



Weekly Posting Prizes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9



Steam Items for DEK . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9



Tournaments and Partnerships . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9



Roadmap



9



Token Sale



10



Bonus Tokens . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11



TERMS AND CONDITIONS



12



2



Abstract

Video game content creation has exploded in the past few years, although generating profit is still difficult due to lack of monetization options. The 401 million monthly user digital card game community is an extreme example where intellectual property is not being compensated for the value it creates. All current deck building and viewing platforms return nothing to deck and guide creators, while profiting via content through advertisements. The top 4 deck guide aggregation sites accrue 682 Million visits and an estimated $720,0003 of ad revenue each month. As the digital card game industry continues to grow, avenues for intellectual property monetization have failed to be created.

Deck Coin (DEK) is the first cryptocurrency for the $1.4B4 digital card game market, allowing players to buy and sell their in-depth knowledge of card games. By redefining the source of value in the current market, Deck Coin moves to shift the entire deck posting ecosystem. The first implementation of Deck Coin will be found on DeckSwap, where users will be able to buy and sell deck guides. We plan to expand the use of DEK to various digital card game focused platforms and use cases.

Landscape

The online card game market consists of 405 millionmonthly active users, and community sites for decks top 686 million visits a month. The core product these sites provide are deck guides. Decks are an assortment of cards which are then used to play against other opponents. While all the games vary wildly in terms

1Superdata research found here. 2According to similarweb.com: hearthpwn.com, hearthstonetopdecks.com, gamepress.gg, mtggoldfish.com. 3Estimate at a $3 CPM and 4 pageviews per user. 4See footnote 1. 5See footnote 1. 6See footnote 2.

3



of gameplay, deck lists are all very similar in structure and layout between card games. A large part of the game is deciding which cards to include and which cards to omit. Content creators on these community sites compile deck guides and publish them for free, while the site collects ad revenue. The main issue with the current landscape is the imbalance between the value created and the reward received. There is no revenue sharing model for digital card game content. When top players spend hundreds of hours to create quality guides, a handful of sites step in to collect the ad revenue.

Deck Coin

Deck Coin (DEK) is an ERC20 compatible Ethereum based open source token that allows anyone to buy and sell deck guides. Smart contract code can be found on github7. Deck Coin brings a myriad of benefits that can't be found anywhere else, including fast, simple, secure, and cheap transactions that would otherwise be impossible.

Minimizing Artificial Costs

Marketplace regulations and large fees associated with fiat currency transactions have created an ecosystem that does not allow users to profit until they scale. This is one of the most significant barriers for individual seller monetization. DEK allows users to be rewarded for their creations in a fair and instant manner by removing the bulk of transaction and regulatory barriers. DEK eliminates downsides like transaction fees, chargeback costs, lack of control, and more. Without these benefits a marketplace with a micropayment structure would not be feasible. Deck Coin allows anyone to buy and sell guides anonymously. Transfers occur on the blockchain, there is no verification for transactions. This gives all users a high level of anonymity, only revealing the relevant details for each transaction. Buyers and sellers can enjoy a high level of privacy due to the blockchain.

DeckSwap

DeckSwap runs on DEK and is the first marketplace for digital card games. The mission of the site is to provide a globally accessible platform for players of

7Github repository can be found here

4



digital card games to exchange information. Using the DeckSwap platform users can create and publish decks. Once users have verified their game account on the platform they will have access to publish a deck. They will be prompted to set a price, the number of copies they want to sell, and an optional description. The deck is then listed on the marketplace where only user's name, rank, and description are shown. Buyers will then see a listing on the marketplace with the deck information. After purchase, buyers can rate the product they received.

Player and Rank Verification

DeckSwap will require every seller to verify their game account for whichever game they are creating a deck guide for. This requires them to accept a friend invite of a DeckSwap bot that will give them a verification code. Player verification allows buyers to see the rank of someone before they buy a deck, allowing better understanding of their purchase. None of the current community sites verify a player's rank, which leads to uncertainty as to how well a deck can actually perform. By giving purchasers confidence more transactions can be facilitated on the platform.

Benefits for Sellers

Selling content has been made as easy as possible. Beyond linking the relevant game account there are no barriers to listing content and receiving payment. Sellers can immediately be rewarded for their guides and withdraw funds at any time. DeckSwap will support multiple languages for in-game cards which will allow selling across language barriers. All transactions on DeckSwap will have a 1% transaction fee allowing sellers to keep 99% of each sale.

Benefits for Buyers

Switching to a paid content model is new for many users, but allows them to receive a much higher quality product in return. When a deck is posted on a community site for free the majority of the value is diminished simply from the fact that everyone can access the deck. The meta quickly shifts and is dominated with the deck. By limiting the supply of decks the value of each individual one greatly increases. Another key benefit is that deck guides will be higher quality. Sellers will want to maintain high ratings to make money, creating higher quality guides.

5



Use of DEK on DeckSwap

Deck Coin (DEK) is the basis for all transactions and interactions on DeckSwap. Users will have a unique wallet address on the platform, with which they can deposit deck coins. All payments including buying decks and tipping users will be done through DEK. Users may withdraw DEK at any time.

Supported Games for Launch

Through research and analysis, our team has decided on 4 games that will be supported for the initial launch of the platform:

 Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft  Gwent: The Witcher Card Game  Shadowverse  The Elder Scrolls: Legends

A look into why each game was picked can be found below. The main criteria used was current user base and projected long term growth of the game.

Hearthstone Hearthstone is the market leader in terms of player base, with 54% of Digital Collectible Card Game players playing the game. Its initial release in 2014 effectively created the market it would later dominate. Most new card games can be seen to be heavily influenced by Hearthstone's design and gameplay. By supporting Hearthstone, DeckSwap can gain access to the largest potential user base 8. The long term success of the game is backed by its developer, Blizzard, the creator of World of Warcraft, StarCraft, Diablo and more. Gwent We are launching DeckSwap to support the upcoming Gwent card game. Gwent is produced by CD Projekt Red with a full launch expected in Q4 2017. The decision for an unreleased game is largely an issue of effective market penetration, with larger games having established communities that are resistant to change. By gaining a foothold early on in an unreleased game, gaining traction will be easier. Gwent has seen significant user base growth as well as an aggressive marketing and tournament9 spend from the developer.

854% of Digital Card Game players play Hearthstone 9$850,000 tournament series announced

6



Shadowverse Developed by Cygames, Shadowverse is Japan's most popular digital card game and is the most played card game on the Steam platform. Its generous reward system is ideal for players that want to try a game, but hate the idea of starting over; making it the top choice for players leaving Hearthstone.

The Elder Scrolls: Legends Recently released on mobile platforms Legends has seen immediate adoption among mobile players. Dire Wolf Digital, the developer is behind other popular card games, including Eternal and Pokmon TCG online. The incorporation of the Elder Scrolls franchise from Bethesda makes the game introduction easier than a newer game like eternal.

Future Games

While some games may dominate the market today, video game popularity fluctuates over time. We have identified games for future expansion. These could change with new entrants in the market, but as of now they are incorporated into our roadmap.

Magic: The Gathering Arena Wizard of The Coast's response to Hearthstone. The company behind Arena produces the most popular physical card game, Magic: The Gathering, with an estimated player base of 20 million10. MTG Arena is currently in Alpha, though a release date has not been announced.

Artifact Artifact is Valve's entry into the card game market, slated for release in 2018. The game is based in the DOTA 2 Universe which is the 14th most played video game in the world11. Valve also has the Steam platform for promotion as well as an incredibly strong track record.

Eternal

1021.87 million players according to echomtg 11Dota 2 is rank 14 in amount of players

7



Produced by Dire Wolf Digital, the same company that makes The Elder scrolls: Legends card game. Eternal is praised for its mechanics and in-depth gameplay but It's low player base is the reason it will not be supported during launch. As DeckSwap grows we plan to support more niche games like Eternal.

While these games are not the only ones we plan to add to the marketplace, they are where we see the Card game market heading in the coming years.



Market Acquisition

Efficient marketing is critical to the success of DEK, we have chosen two KPI's that will drive our market acquisition strategies. The first KPI is amount of DEK transactions on the platform, second is the percentage of ranked players posting content and receiving Deck Coin. These KPI's will be increased through the use of the 25 MM coins set aside for market acquisition. While cryptocurrency adoption is growing, the introduction of a new form of payment is still a hurdle. Introducing users to DEK while making sure the value of the coin is not affected is a delicate balance. Below we will go over potential strategies for user growth and coin distribution.



Payment for Account Verification



Users may link their game account to deckswap.com. Users that successfully verify their account on DeckSwap will receive a set amount of DEK based on their rank for the game. The verification system is hard to game, as every tier requires a significant time/electricity investment. By rewarding the verification of better players, the community will have a stronger core user base.



Coins for Verification Hearthstone Gwent Shadowverse Legends



Verification Payout 3 DEK 15 DEK Any Rank 5 Any 2000 MMR Any AA3 Any Rank 2



50 DEK Rank 1 3500 MMR Master Rank 1 Rank



150 DEK Legend 4500 MMR Grand Master Legend



8



Weekly Posting Prizes

A weekly payout to the top players posting content is planned. Incentivizing deck guide creation and promotion for the best players in each game. The DeckSwap ecosystem benefits greatly from constantly updated high quality content. Encouraging selling and buying with DEK.



Top % by Rank (Per each Game) 1% 2-3% 3-5%



Coins Awarded 50 5 1



Steam Items for DEK

Users that might have difficulty purchasing DEK from crypto markets due to various constraints will still be able to obtain DEK. By allowing users to trade steam market commodity items for DEK, anyone can obtain the coin hassle free. Coins for this purpose will come from the team allocation

Tournaments and Partnerships

Providing DEK as a prize in card game tournaments will help cement its place in the Community. Promotional coins will also be used for partnering with other card game sites and professional card game teams. By acquiring partnerships with top teams the platform will have a strong guaranteed posting user base.

Roadmap

Q1 2017  Idea for a deck marketplace based on cryptocurrency

9



 Development of a test product to explore the industry and user tracking: gwent.io

Q2 2017  Marketplace research and decision to focus on 4 core games for launch  DEK implementation research  Advanced real time user tracking for Gwent

Q3 2017  Launch of token sale site  DeckSwap.com Infrastructure and backend work

Q4 2017  Token Sale begins and ends  Finish user verification back-end  Launch of beta product

Q1 2018  DeckSwap marketplace full launch  Tournament sponsorships and promotion

Q2 2018 and beyond  Continue to add popular card games to the marketplace  Adapt and optimize DeckSwap for the changing needs of the community  Focus on the integration of DEK into more sites and use cases

Token Sale

The total supply of DEK is 100 MM, this value will never grow. The Deck Coin sale will last until 70,000,000 coins are sold, or until the end date. Coins that are not sold will be destroyed.

10



Start Date: October 24th -6 UTC End Date: November 24th -6 UTC

Minimum: 8 MM DEK Soft Cap: 50 MM DEK Hard Cap: 70 MM DEK

Token Availability: 70,000,000 DEK Token Exchange Rate: 1 ETH = 28,000 DEK Token Distribution: Immediate (ERC20) Minimum Transaction Amount: NONE Maximum Transaction Amount: 25 ETH (Subject to change)



Bonus Tokens



Purchasing tokens earlier in the sale will result in extra coins being added to your purchase. The percent bonus decreases over time.



Date OCT 24-31 NOV 1-7 NOV 8-14 NOV 15-24



Extra Coins Per Purchase 40% 20% 10% 0%



Purpose Development Team Promoting DEK Token Sale Total



Token Allocation

Percentage 5% 25% 70% 100%



# Deck Coin 5,000,000 25,000,000 70,000,000 100,000,000



11



Funding Allocation



Purpose Marketplace Development Integration with third parties Administrative Legal Total



% of Funds Raised 60% 20% 10% 5% 100%



TERMS AND CONDITIONS



These terms and conditions (the "T&Cs") set forth the legally binding terms and conditions that govern the agreement to sell and purchase DEK tokens between the distributor/vendor of the DEK tokens (the "Distributor") and you as the purchaser. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and the Whitepaper, the T&Cs shall prevail.



1.



THE WHITEPAPER AND SALE OF DEK TOKENS



1.1.



The DEK tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any



jurisdiction. The Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer



document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a



solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.



1.2.



The Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on



any advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the "Distributor" to



purchase any DEK tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor the fact of its



presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any



contract or investment decision.



1.3.



The Distributor will be DeckSwap, and will deploy all proceeds of sale



of the DEK tokens to fund DeckSwap cryptocurrency project, businesses and



operations.



1.4.



No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal



commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the DEK tokens and no



cryptocurrency or other form of Payment is to be accepted on the basis of the



Whitepaper.



1.5.



You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any DEK tokens in



the Deck Coin Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) if you are a citizen,



resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America



or a citizen or resident of the People's Republic of China.



12



1.6.



No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the



information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be



taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The



publication, distribution or dissemination of the Whitepaper does not imply that



the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.



There are risks and uncertainties associated with DeckSwap and their respective



businesses and operations, the DEK tokens, and the DeckSwap Token Sale.



1.7.



The Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be



taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of the



Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted.



1.8.



No part of the Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or



disseminated without including these T&Cs and the sections in the Whitepaper



entitled "Disclaimer of Liability", "No Representations and Warranties",



"Representations and Warranties By You", "Cautionary Note On



Forward-Looking Statements", "Market and Industry Information and No



Consent of Other Persons", "Terms Used", "No Advice", "No Further



Information or Update", "Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination", "No



Offer of Securities Or Registration" and "Risks and Uncertainties".



2.



DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY



To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, DeckSwap and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on the Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.



3.



NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES



DeckSwap does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in the Whitepaper.



4.



REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU



4.1.



By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in the



Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and



warrant to DeckSwap as follows:



4.1.1.



You agree and acknowledge that the DEK tokens do not constitute



securities in any form in any jurisdiction;



4.1.2.



You agree and acknowledge that the Whitepaper does not constitute



a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an



offer of securities in any jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities



and you are not bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment



13



and no cryptocurrency or other form of DEK is to be accepted on the basis of the Whitepaper;



4.1.3.



You agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has



examined or approved of the information set out in the Whitepaper, no action



has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of



any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of the



Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory



requirements or rules have been complied with;



4.1.4.



You agree and acknowledge that the Whitepaper, the undertaking



and/or the completion of the DeckSwapInitial Token Sale, or future trading of



the DEK tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed,



interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of DeckSwap, the



DEK tokens, the DeckSwap Token Sale.



4.1.5.



The distribution or dissemination of the Whitepaper, any part



thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited



or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and



where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have



observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and



without liability to DeckSwap;



4.1.6.



You agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to



purchase any DEK tokens, the DEK tokens are not to be construed, interpreted,



classified or treated as:



(a)



any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;



(b)



debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity



(c)



rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or



shares;



(d)



rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the



purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;



(e)



units in a collective investment scheme;



(f)



units in a business trust;



(g)



derivatives of units in a business trust; any other security or class of



securities; or



(h)



investment contracts.



4.1.7.



you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to



purchase any DEK tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or



green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the



Peoples Republic of China;



4.2.



You have a basic degree of understanding of the operation,



functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material



14



characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;



4.3.



you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to



purchase any DEK tokens, there are risks associated with DeckSwap and their



respective business and operations, the DEK tokens, the DeckSwap Initial



Token Sale.



4.4.



you agree and acknowledge that DeckSwap is not liable for any



indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort,



contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or



profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any



acceptance of or reliance on the Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and



4.5.



all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete,



accurate and non-misleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance



of possession the Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).



5.



CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



5.1.



All statements contained in the Whitepaper, statements made in press



releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may



be made by DeckSwap and/or the Distributor or their respective directors,



executive officers or employees acting on behalf of DeckSwap or the Distributor



(as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute



"forward-looking statements". Some of these statements can be identified by



forward-looking terms such as "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could",



"estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable",



"project", "should", "would", "will" or other similar terms. However, these



terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements. All



statements regarding DeckSwap's financial position, business strategies, plans



and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which DeckSwap is in



are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements, including



but not limited to statements as to DeckSwap's revenue and profitability,



prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters



discussed in the Whitepaper regarding DeckSwap are matters that are not



historical facts, but only predictions.



5.2.



These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks,



uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual future results,



performance or achievements of DeckSwap to be materially different from any



future results, performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by



such forward-looking statements. These factors include, amongst others:



5.2.1.



changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency



market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which



DeckSwap conducts its respective businesses and operations;



15



5.2.2.



the risk that DeckSwap may be unable or execute or implement their



respective business strategies and future plans;



5.2.3.



changes in interest rates and exchange rates of fiat currencies and



cryptocurrencies;



5.2.4.



changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal



growth of DeckSwap;



5.2.5.



changes in the availability and fees billable to DeckSwap in



connection with their respective businesses and operations;



5.2.6.



changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required



by DeckSwap to operate their respective businesses and operations;



5.2.7.



changes in preferences of customers of DeckSwap;



5.2.8.



changes in competitive conditions under which DeckSwap, and the



ability of DeckSwap to compete under such conditions;



5.2.9.



changes in the future capital needs of DeckSwap and the availability



of financing and capital to fund such needs;



5.2.10.



war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;



5.2.11.



occurrences of catastrophic events, natural disasters and acts of



God that affect the businesses and/or operations of DeckSwap;



5.2.12.



other factors beyond the control of DeckSwap; and



5.2.13.



any risk and uncertainties associated with DeckSwap and their



businesses and operations, or the DEK tokens.



5.3.



All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to DeckSwap



or persons acting on behalf of DeckSwap are expressly qualified in their entirety



by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that may cause the actual



future results, performance or achievements of DeckSwap to be materially



different from that expected, expressed or implied by the forward-looking



statements in the Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on these



statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date



of the Whitepaper.



5.4.



Neither DeckSwap nor any other person represents, warrants and/or



undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of



DeckSwap will be as discussed in those forward-looking statements. The actual



results, performance or achievements of DeckSwap may differ materially from



those anticipated in these forward-looking statements.



5.5.



Nothing contained in the Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a



promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies



of DeckSwap. Further, DeckSwap disclaim any responsibility to update any of



those forward-looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those



forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or



16



circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.



6.



MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT



OF OTHER PERSONS



6.1.



The Whitepaper includes market and industry information and



forecasts that have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies,



where appropriate, as well as market research, publicly available information



and industry publications. Such surveys, reports, studies, market research,



publicly available information and publications generally state that the



information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be



reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of



such included information.



6.2.



Save for DeckSwap and their respective directors, executive officers



and employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the inclusion of his



or her name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be attributed



to such person in connection therewith in the Whitepaper and no



representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the



accuracy or completeness of such information by such person and such persons



shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.



6.3.



While DeckSwap has taken reasonable actions to ensure that the



information is extracted accurately and in its proper context, DeckSwap has not



conducted any independent review of the information extracted from third



party sources, verified the accuracy or completeness of such information or



ascertained the underlying economic assumptions relied upon therein.



Consequently, neither DeckSwap, nor their respective directors, executive



officers and employees acting on their behalf makes any representation or



warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and shall not



be obliged to provide any updates on the same.



7.



TERMS USED



7.1.



To facilitate a better understanding of the DEK tokens being offered



for purchase by the Distributor, and the businesses and operations of DeckSwap



and/or the Distributor, certain technical terms and abbreviations, as well as, in



certain instances, their descriptions, have been used in the Whitepaper. These



descriptions and assigned meanings should not be treated as being definitive of



their meanings and may not correspond to standard industry meanings or usage.



7.2.



Words importing the singular shall, where applicable, include the



plural and vice versa and words importing the masculine gender shall, where



applicable, include the feminine and neuter genders and vice versa. References



to persons shall include corporations.



8.



NO ADVICE



No information in the Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal,



17



financial or tax advice regarding DeckSwap, the Distributor, the DEK tokens, the DeckSwap Initial Token Sale. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding DeckSwap and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the DEK tokens, the DeckSwap Token Sale. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of DEK tokens for an indefinite period of time.



9.



NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE



No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation not contained in



the Whitepaper in connection with DeckSwap and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the DEK tokens, and the DeckSwap Initial Token Sale, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by or on behalf of DeckSwap and/or the Distributor. The DeckSwap Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of DeckSwap and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in the Whitepaper since the date hereof.



10.



RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION



10.1.



The distribution or dissemination of the Whitepaper or any part



thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements



and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are



to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable



to your possession of the Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be)



at your own expense and without liability to DeckSwap.



10.2.



Persons to whom a copy of the Whitepaper has been distributed or



disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their



possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise



distribute the Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose



whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.



11.



NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION



11.1.



The Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document



of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a



solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No person is bound



to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency



or other form of DeckSwap is to be accepted on the basis of the Whitepaper.



Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of DEK tokens (as referred



to in the Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement



and no other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs



and the Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.



18



11.2.



You are not eligible to purchase any DEK tokens in the DeckSwap



Initial Token Sale (as referred to in the Whitepaper) if you are a citizen,



resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America



or a citizen or resident of the People's Republic of China.



11.3.



No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the



information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be



taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The



publication, distribution or dissemination of the Whitepaper does not imply that



the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.



12.



RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES



Prospective purchasers of DEK tokens (as referred to in the Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with DeckSwap, the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the DEK tokens, the DeckSwap Initial Token Sale, all information set out in the Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of DEK tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of DeckSwap and/or the Distributor could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the DEK tokens.



IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER

PROFESSIONAL



19



