Onepager



DISCIPLINA is a blockchain platform for the projects in educational and recruiting spheres. The use of blockchain technology guarantees the transparency of the platform and creates the conditions for maintaining cofidentiality and reliability of information added by ecosystem participants. TeachMePlease will be the first project based on the DISCIPLINA blockchain platform. It provides the conditions for efficient and effective cooperation between academic institutions and private tutors, and their students. TeachMePlease project does not produce educational content, but provides the conditions for its creation and its exchange between users.

Current project status

i

There are over 20,000 educational courses created on TeachMePlease.com

 January 2018: Launch of the first release of the technical document describing the architecture of the blockchain platform. Transition into the active stage of development.

 Second quarter of 2018: Launch of DISCIPLINA alpha with a centralized server instead of the public sector and nodes with a private blockchain for educational institutions. Test of the alpha by limited number of DISCIPLINA token holders. Listing of DISCIPLINA token on exchanges.

 End of 2018: infrastructure for monetization of stored data on academic achievement for educational institutions. Transitional report on PoS algorithm actualization.

 Research and platform development will continue throughout 2018, and the technical documentation will be updated accordingly.

 First quarter of 2019: API development for partner companies' integration with CRM for educational institutions  The applications for students, recruiters and private tutors will be improved within 2019.  End of 2019 with an interval of a single quarter: launch of decentralized TestNet and MainNet.  The development of the TeachMePlease project will continue simultaneously. TeachMePlease is the first but not the

only educational project based on the DISCIPLINA blockchain platform.  The organisation is registered in the United States, and the localisation and adaptation of the project for the North

American market is near completion.

The architecture of the DISCIPLINA platform uses all the capabilities both of blockchain technologies, and of other recent trends in the fields of computer technologies and distributed systems. It is a wholly universal blockchain platform for any other educational projects. TeachMePlease will be the first project based on the DISCIPLINA blockchain platform.

2



Current project status



Creation of ecosystem participant's e-passport including history of studies and professional achievements in DISCIPLINA distributed network

Course enrollment and online payment through DISCIPLINA without dealing with a service manager or third party

100% reliable information about ratings, feedbacks and student grades



DISCIPLINA is an open-source platform. Every educational or recruiting service will be able to use blockchain in their projects

Ability of educational institutions to trade educational records stored in private chains. Fulfillment of obligations by all parties, cross-border payment option

CRM/ERP cloud service TeachMePlease for educational institutions, teachers, students and HR-specialists with convenient tools like schedule and course management and knowledge evaluation



Crowdsale



DSCP



The main payment tool on the platform will be the DSCP token together with a smaller payment unit named Logic.

DSCP tokens distributed during the campaign will later be convearted to native tokens in a 1:1 ratio after the start of DISCIPLINA MainNet (second half of 2019).



You can contribute in pre-sale by sign up in account at https://account.teachmeplease.io

Softcap: 3 500 ETH

Hardcap: 17 000 ETH

Token rate: 1 DSCP = 0,0005 ETH

We accept: BTC, ETH

Main stage: March 27, 2018 -- April 09, 2018

Funds raised during the pre-sale will be taken into account in the total amount of funds raised during the campaign. These funds will be credited to the participants account. It will not be possible to withdraw tokens until the end of the whole campaign.

We understand the importance of listing on the cryptoexchanges, so we try to make every effort for early listing on several proven exchanges right after the end of the crowdsale.



Token distribution



3



Why are we developing our blockchain architecture?

Due to the fact that the platform will store confidential information, such as the courses, tasks, grades, and test results, public blockchain solutions, which store all of their transactions in open access  Ethereum or EOS, for example - are unacceptable. At the same time, private blockchain solutions, such as Hyperledger, do not provide enough transparency of the stored data.

How will DISCIPLINA work?

The private segment does not allow any data except hashes to open access. This is done to store private and personal user data, as well as those materials that are protected by copyright or commercial confidentiality. The public segment provides the access to the data that verifies the integrity of the private chains and the reliability of the data stored by the network. Educational institutions - any state or private online and offline organizations that conduct any and all educational activity. Private tutors are also included. It can even be a simple marketplace offering the sale of study materials. Every educational institution has its private chain and the opportunity to monetize educational records stored there. Witnesses check the validity of the segments within the private blockchains of the educational institutions. They will manage public chain of blocks, on which data created within each school is hashed. The witnesses won't have access to the data itself, but to the hashes of the data. Recruiters and other interested parties are offered paid access to the information about the academic history and achievements of the students.

Minting on the DISCIPLINA

Unlike traditional PoW mining, DISCIPLINA provides an energy-efficient PoS minting  any productive activity done by any user to service the current transactions and network support. The reward to these users will come either from a part of the commission earned on transactions, or in tokens from the technical pool (66.67% of the total token supply), while the size of the reward distributed from the technical pool will continuously be reduced in such a way that the pool itself will never run out.

4



The TeachMePlease team

Our team consists of over 30 experienced software developers, managers, and marketing specialists. We believe in having the whole team under one roof.



Ilya Nikiforov

Co-founder, businessman with 14 years' experience in wholesale and retail trade and

e-commerce

George Basiladze

Financial expert. CEO of Cryptopay  provider of digital wallet services with functionality for storage and use of cryptocurrencies.



Advisors



Dmitry Gordovich

Co-founder, banker with 15 years' experience in investment management

Dmitry Filatov

Founder of rating agency ICORating, managing partner in hedge fund ICOShark, russian entrepreneur in the field of the IT.



Partners

DISCIPLINA is being implemented by TeachMePlease team in partnership with Serokell  international company that specializes in development of distributed systems. Serokell uses high-assurance coding principles and has experience in cryptocurrencies development, one of which is Cardano.



Arseniy Seroka

Serokell co-founder and CEO  expert in the field of functional programming and global network development.



Jonn Mostovoy

Serokell co-founder and CTO  has a decade of experience in industrial programming with a special interest in mathematics and social science. Blockchain and cryptocurrency expert.



Cryptopay is an online wallet where users can easily store and spend their money in the form of bitcoins, Euros, British pounds or US dollars.

The users of DISCIPLINA platform will be able to issue a Cryptopay co-branding plastic card.



4000

4000



1234

MONTH/YEAR

01/21 VALID

THRU



SMART TEACHER



USD



5678



9010



4000

4000



1234

MONTH/YEAR

01/21 VALID

THRU



SMART TEACHER



USD



5678



9010



Contacts

Phone: +7 812 677-72-12; Email: disciplina@teachmeplease.com Narva mnt 7-634, 10117, Kesklinna linnaosa, Tallinn, Estonia



TeachMePlease platform in the educational field: https://teachmeplease.com



Crowdsale website and user profile: https://disciplina.io



tchmpls



tchmpls.events



tchmpls.events



tchmpls_events



5



