Dopameme An Incentivized User-Generated Meme Content Platform

The fun side of the Blockchain



Sergio Valencia

svalencia@dopameme.io



Humberto Sanchez

hsanchez@dopameme.io



September. 13, 2017 v0.9

https://dopameme.io/



Odiseo Ibanez

oibanez@dopameme.io



Abstract

Memes are digital media works, marketing tools, critiques of the government, stories being told through images, and ultimately the expressions of an idea which carries weight amongst society. [1] Dopameme is a Web 3.0 innovative decentralized platform project that uses smart contracts running on the Ethereum Network aiming to monetize memes, by unifying a community of creators, curators, and viewers. Dopameme will provide economic incentives for creating and sharing original content as well as participating in the platform.



We want to be the platform where memes and infographic content lives, gets rated, and is shared everywhere.



This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

1



Content

1. Abstract 2. Introduction 3. The Platform

3.1 Tokens 3.1.1 DMT - Dopameme Token 3.1.2 MTT - Meme Tip Token

3.2 Feed 3.2.1 Posts 3.1.1.1 Post Attributes 3.2.2 Posts lifetime 3.2.3 "Cool" and "Punch"

3.3 Original Content 3.4 Account

3.4.1 Validation 3.4.2 Profile 3.4.3 Wallet

3.4.3.1 Cashing Out 3.4.3.2 How to monetize MTT? 3.4.3.3 Donations 3.5 Badges and Gamification 4. Ethereum 4.1 Technical Overview 4.2 Governance 4.3 Transparency 5. Marketing & Community 5.1 Marketing Strategy 5.2 Market Size and Opportunity 5.3 Referrals 5.4 AirDrop 6. Token Sale 6.1 How to invest 7. Project Budget 8. DMT Found Allocation 9. Security & Legal 9.1 Copyright 9.2 Legal Disclaimer 10. Team & Advisors 11. Roadmap 12. Resources & Community Channels

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

2



2. Introduction

The Human brain delivers dopamine when receiving positive stimuli. Today, memes aren't solely a source of dopamine for their consumers but a platform for everyone from political activists to comedians to virally market to their demographic. However, memes for the most part have a short lifespan, and we live in a digital era where loads of new content are being created everyday in line with what is trending. Dopameme will become the standard where people will interact with one another, and create original content over the day to day events occurring all around the world. Humor keeps evolving, and just like new experiences produces higher dopamine rushes. That's how we came up the blend word: Dopa-meme.

Richard Dawkins came up with the idea of the meme in his book The Selfish Gene in 1976, the idea basically was to explain than just like a gene, a meme is an evolving selfreplicated idea of human behavior and cultural evolution that leaves its footprint on the internet. It is misunderstood in our society that memes are just a silly image worthy of a casual laugh or simply viewed as means to waste time; however, within the humor found in them there's often a critic or comment in regards to current relevant topics inside our global virtual society. Memes cover topics at the macro scale (economics, politics, religion, sports, education, or finance) and in the micro scale (local jokes, group of friends, school groups, etc.) Not only do they reference these topics, but rather they have an actual impact on them.

[2]

Memes are smart. They are interpretations approved and shared by collective knowledge and the wisdom of the crowd who makes them viral. We have a strong belief that if an artistic form of expression, such as writing or a painting, can create net value on itself, a highly accepted meme should also generate value for its creators.

A big issue around memes is that most of the time no one actually knows who created a viral meme; by using blockchain technology and smart contracts, content creators inside the community can upload them, have them registered inside the blockchain and generate tokens they can use and eventually cash out.

Two ERC20 compliant tokens will be created:  An asset/share token - DMT (Dopameme Token)  A meme monetization token - MTT (Meme Tip Token)

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

3



3. The Platform

The Platform has been designed for everyone, using the Lazy User model structure for the UX it's very intuitive and friendly. Once users jump into dopameme.io they will start seeing all the posts, gifs, memes, and even videos on the hot page.

3.1 Tokens

Our business model is based on the creation of two ERC20 compliant cryptocurrencies to incentivize people to create high quality humorous content, and upload it to our platform. Below you'll find the description and use of each token.

3.1.1 DMT - Dopameme Token

DMT will be the tokens given to Dopameme's first contributors/shareholders on the ICO (Initial Coin Offering). This token will have a specific value based on the number of Ethereum (ETH) the platform receives during the ICO Crowd Sale and will be available for trade afterwards.

Ads will be played in a discrete manner through Google AdSense or Advertisers can directly buy tokens to promote their products through memes. These earnings will be paid on a monthly basis in order to sustain the network, and the MTT inflationary rate. The earning payouts will be as follows: 70% will be used to market buy MTT, 20% to DMT holders, and 10% for future development and user growth. (We will be fully transparent publishing print screens add revenues on a monthly base).

Holders of DMT will also make gains from MTT cash out fees, taking 10% of their revenue incentivizing meme creators to invest in the platform, keep being part of the ecosystem, and driving the DMT price up.

3.1.2 MTT - Meme Tip Token

MTT will be the token used to vote for the content the community likes the most, in turn helping the creator acquire tokens that can be exchanged for Ethereum (ETH), and therefore any fiat currency.

These tokens will be minted seconds after every upvote based on variables to mitigate the earnings, our algorithm evaluates daily posts, daily users, amount of comments, daily votes, money generated by ads, total supply, average price of MTT and DMT, circulating supply and the user's MTT stake.

Shares and Comments involve more attention and interaction with the platform; consequently they will generate extra MTT's for the Owner.

Users can also promote a post for a limited amount of time by purchasing MTT tokens, those tokens are paid to the platform to give it a boost, giving the meme an opportunity to become famous, but the fate of the post is decided by the curators who upvote or downvote.

3.2 Feed This will be the main section of the platform. All content will be visible and users will be able to interact with each other here.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

4



It isn't necessary to be registered in order to see the content but it is mandatory to sign up and complete the registration to interact with the posts (upvoting or commenting).

3.2.1 Posts

These are Dopameme's biggest asset, the lifeblood of the feed. Users are encouraged to post their quality, humorous, and original content here so that they can be rewarded with tokens.

Each post created has a count of how many people have given upvotes or downvotes. Each post will also have an area dedicated to comments which can also be up and down voted to earn MTT.

3.2.1.1 Post atributes

 Title  Creator's username  Post indicators for original post, repost or promoted post.  Up vote and Downvote counters (the dependence of virality relies on the curator's

decision which will be rewarded with MTT, their appreciation is the key for major spread, just alike Reddit's karma, they function as a filter of good content and what goes to the shadows)  Post earnings in MTT (and its conversion to USD at current price)  Facebook and Twitter share link  BTC, ETH, MTT and DMT wallet addresses for donations  Comments

3.2.2 Posts lifetime

There's no exact lifetime for a given post, however there are some factors that will make every post fade eventually.

The first factor is that viral content is being created exponentially. Something can go viral rapidly, what was viral a week ago may never go viral again. Posts can have a huge impact for just a moment, then fade away and disappear, that's how they work.

Secondly, once posts are uploaded they join a creative destruction growth model, replacing meme after meme with a never ending game of creativity, triggering constant brand new content, making their life relatively short and keep innovating.[3]

3.2.3 "Cool" and "Punch"

Cool and Punch are internal names for up and downvotes respectively. The Cool is the name for upvotes and can be perceived as a tip (that's why you get MTT for them). These upvotes can be generated by registered and validated users only, and will be reflected instantly on posts. Also, getting Cools is the best way for users to climb to the "Hot" page, therefore potentially getting more views, comments, and shares.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

5



Dopameme's users will have a daily limited number of Cools to vote for free and without restrictions on the platform's posts. If the user surpasses their daily Cool limit, further upvotes must be paid and MTT will be discounted directly from the voter's account.

Voting directly helps the user that created the content; users may or may not vote, that's their choice. Cools and Punches can be undone if users missclick.

The Punch is the name for a negative or downvote. They're useful if the community doesn't want something to go viral, we are giving the curators the power to choose. Additionally, if users feel like a post inappropriate remarks they can "Punch" and report it. This way the post will not make it to the hot or trending page.

NOTE: Users can only undo up and downvotes if the post hasn't been cashed out already. Once a post is cashed out (See Section 3.4.2.1), a smart contract will be generated and the total votes will be registered on the blockchain, which is why users won't be able to undo them.

If a post has more "Punch" than "Cool" it won't be popular and therefore will hardly be seen by the vast majority of the community. If a post gets reported it could be deleted, and if the user keeps uploading insensitive content his/her account could be banned permanently.

3.3 Original Content

We want to promote original content, so once a meme is submitted, it will first go through an automated validation by an AI enhanced bot to detect watermarks, copied content, and NSFW material as well as double posts coming from both inside and outside platforms. After the automatic validation, it will undergo a crowd verification which, we believe is more accurate. If curators report a meme and submit a proof of ownership, they will be rewarded with a share of the post's MTT.

Curators will have a 2 day window to report, and 2 more for the original owner to claim it before the post gets cashed out, otherwise the MTT generated will be split up between the MTT pool and the Curators.

Users posting plagiarized content will be warned, lose post ownership, and won't generate MTT.

3.3.1 Templates

As meme fans ourselves, we know that it is common for users to take an old popular image, change the text in it and give new life to an old meme. That's why we will implement a Template system, which will let users reference an original meme, do minor changes, and still be able to post and earn MTTs from it.

We also believe in fairness, so whenever a user references an old meme, the MTTs generated by the "new" meme will be split half and half between the recent uploader and the original creator, who earns each time someone else uses his/her template.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

6



3.4 Account

Each user will have a unique and non-transferable account.

Inactive accounts will be deleted after 6 months and its funds will be given back to the general pool. To prevent incorrect deletions, users will receive emails and sms notifications for each month of inactivity.

3.4.1 Validation

Before an account is able to start posting or commenting, it must undergo a verification process. This mainly to avoid ghost and bot accounts.

The verification process includes giving the platform proof of:

 Mail Account  Cellphone  Facebook

And eventually integrate with U-port/Civic to identify users.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

7



3.4.2 Wallet

Once a user signs up and validates their information, a personal wallet will be created which is accessible within the user's profile. Every MTT and DMT that their activity in the platform generates will be stored there.

Upon the creation of each "Personal Wallet", users will receive a unique passphrase which will be the only way for them to restore their account in case of missed passwords.

IMPORTANT: Passphrases will be unique and users won't be able to modify them. If a passphrase is forgotten, users won't be able to restore it.

3.4.2.1 Cashing out

It only takes one click of the "Cash Out" button on a user's profile or post (once logged in) and accept the confirmation in order for you to claim the tokens.

Although, the creator must wait a period of 72 hours after the meme was uploaded to cash out, giving time to the owner to claim it (if that's the case), once it's proven that the post wasn't stolen or had 0 reports from curators, the MTT will be transacted to his/her wallet.

NOTE: Once a post is cashed out, it will stop generating MTT for the users, this means that if the users cash out its post really soon after posting it, the next upvotes won't reflect MTT's in their overall balance. The post itself won't disappear from the platform, even if it has been cashed out, it will not either stop receiving upvotes or "Cool", however these "Cool" votes won't transform into MTT for them. After all, memes tend to stay on the hot or trending page for just a few hours/days.

3.4.2.2 How to monetize MTT?

In order to monetize your MTTs and turn them into USD or any other fiat currency the user must first exchange them for Ether and then turn that ETH into the fiat of their preference. Users can also keep that ETH in the stock market or transfer them to their account through an exchange.

We will be adding the x protocol trustless smart contracts as well to natively exchange MTT-DMT-ETH tokens inside the platform.

The 0x works as a decentralized exchange that facilitates setting up a x order book. The book is filled with any number of individually signed orders from different Ethereum

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

8



addresses. When an order is filled, it settles directly on the Ethereum blockchain using the deployed x smart contracts. [4] 3.4.2.3 Donations Donations can come from anyone inside and outside the platform. Dopameme will make easier for users to donate local tokens (MTT and DMT) between members, but members will be able to post their BTC/ETH wallet addresses to receive donations.

MTT and DMT donations will be displayed directly into the user's account. A Notification message will be sent to their inboxes once they receive them. 3.5 Badges and Gamification According to Salim Ismail of Exponential Organizations, one of the most important techniques to develop community engagement is gamification. It enhances motivation and attachment to platforms with constant challenges and rules. [5] Dopameme will implement some gamification systems.

Dynamics: Level Up to promote your account. The higher the level, the higher your upvote weighs to upvote something to go viral.

Mechanics: Achieving objectives will earn you badges of rank, which includes a point score on each post and also a leaderboard, to show the highest rated users and posts on a monthly basis.

Components: To keep up the progress by using MTT tokens to operate the assets, and being rewarded by creating content and upvoting.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

9



4. Ethereum

Ethereum is a decentralized blockchain platform that enables automatic execution of smart contracts once certain conditions are met, these contracts can be auditable and the code enforce the users to follow the laws written. To trigger a smart contract, Ethereum uses tokens that prompt interactions between the network.[6]

Therefore, we're developing Dopameme on top of Ethereum's blockchain to allow microtransactions, give identity and ownership to the content on the network, enhancing transparency, trustless governance and scalability.

Since the introduction of Bitcoin, the blockchain technology has truly allowed us to decentralize the web, We firmly believe that a Token is necessary to achieve a network effect of adoption, enabling the coordination of community driven projects like ours and deliver it to the masses, giving us a competitive advantage.[7] This kind of disruption will only be achieved by providing a marginal benefit to the user and exceed their expectations to use or switch to our platform adding memes as a spread catalyst.

"Token network effects occur when the growth of the network aligns with the appreciation of the token. As the network grows, the token adds value to the platform and accelerates network

effects."[8]

4.1 Technical Overview

In terms of technology, Dopameme is a blockchain with the custom protocol built for purposes of tip/revenue imagination and entertainment in a decentralized way. The Dopameme network is ruled by Ethereum smart contracts and our DopaBrain implementing and enforcing locks and rules to interact in tokenizing memes.

We decided to build on top of Ethereum Virtual Machine EVM because by now is the most established blockchain-based distributed computing platform that allows us to use our DopaBrain functionality, and it powers tokenization and monetizing aspects of the Dopameme Social Network.

Our Platform implements its own protocol, which is responsible for data distribution, data mirroring, historic versioning, data storage, scores and reputation in the decentralized network.

The monetization is implemented in the form of Ethereum smart contracts and executed by EVM and voting, comment, tipping, core and property tokens and auxiliary contract are executed by our DopaBrain.

The Dopamine protocol provides a bridge connecting the Dopameme network with the Ethereum-based so together governing the Dopameme Platform.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

10



Infraestructure Layers 1st Layer (Dopameme Plaftorm) A post is uploaded to the platform, shared and verified as original content. 2nd Layer (Dopabrain) If approved the cash out option prompts the smart contract which interacts with our algorithms and back end to grant Tokens. 3rd Layer (Ethereum Virtual Machine) The post is submitted to the Ethereum Blockchain and stored in the cloud, generating a Dopa-ID to prove the ownership of your image and its attributes.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

11



4.2 Governance

In a democratized and decentralized network, the users often disagree on where the company is heading, and they are even more passionate if they have a stake in the future development path. Holders care deeply about the project, therefore empowering a community to influence the network decisions and interests towards a common goal.

Traditionally corporate governance means the distribution of rights and responsibilities within a legal entity, as well as rules and procedures for decision-making. In Blockchain, its users are generally anonymous and there is a lack of influence over the network itself and a voice in decision-making.

Dopameme chooses to democratize its network. We believe that the community of DMT shareholders has a direct voice in important decisions regarding Dopameme. As a consequence, being owner of a token means that you have direct influence in Dopameme and its strategic decisions. The way this works. The board of directors shall send a proposal to a smart contract which makes it possible that DMT shareholders can vote on that issue. Of course, the more DMT an individual holds the more voting power he or she has. In this decision-making mechanism we strive for consensus. However, any resolution shall pass by majority of votes. Dopameme's team will work to make these approved proposals true.

4.3 Transparency

Blockchain technology is a trustless interaction mechanism that can be audited by everyone, smart contracts will be public. Memes uploaded to Dopameme's platform will have a permanent record on the blockchain with a traceable and unique Dopa ID. The general information about it, such as how much it made, date, username, its Cools and its Punches can be requested and accessed at any given time.

5. Marketing & Community

There is no easier way to share an idea than through a funny picture. Once a user uploads/shares it through social media, in the worst case scenario nearly 100 people will watch it; if half of those people share it then an additional 5,000 more will see it. This chain keeps growing until the idea ends up being in millions of people's eyes within a few hours. It is for this reason that we know the potential of this platform is colossal, just like the mathematician James Gleeson demonstrated.

"A mathematical similarity between models of the kind concocted by Menczer, among others, and "sandpiles"--canonical systems for what physicists call "selforganized criticality." If one gently dribbles sand onto a flat surface, it will

pile up until its slopes reach a critical angle. A few additional grains of sand may cause nothing much to happen, but all of a sudden yet another grain

will trigger an avalanche: the equivalent of a meme going viral. Gleeson's analysis suggests the intrinsic properties of the system, as opposed to the

particularities of a meme, are driving virality"[9]

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

12



5.1 Marketing Strategy



Marketing plays a huge roll in Dopameme, and it works in two ways. Memes are all about going viral, which only can be achieved by CREATING an idea in a fun way and SHARING it, therefore there is an exponential catalyst.



1.



Meme creators have to advertise themselves in order to become viral via the



upvotes and the shares on social network (Facebook twitter linked likes) which will



be triggered with the token.



2.



Companies wanting to be advertised would have to buy tokens in order to



advertise and via AdSense.



5.2 Market Size and Opportunity



Communities already exist, so we are aiming to unify them into a whole. Subreddits such as /r/9gag and /r/MemeEconomy, with more than 240,000 members contribute and create amazing content that hardly reaches the masses, and more than often gets stolen or copied to different social platforms who ultimately receive the credit for them. Not including the memes that are created for small circles of people and are never uploaded to social platforms.

9gag.com is a similar example of the product we are building, it has grown steadily since its inception and is positioned at the 215th most visited website in the world with en estimate revenue of 83Million USD per year, a worth of 886Million USD and an annual audience of 27 Billion visits according to http://www.alexa.com.[10] Their revenues are mainly from ads, page views/impressions. (Earned from people's content).

Demographics show that the average users are mostly people with a college education, which fits perfectly with the average blockchain user. This is key since it will be necessary to make transfers, access a trading site to buy/sell tokens, furthermore by penetrating this kind of market would allow getting mainstream adoption and evoking interest into the blockchain technology.



According to a Goldman Sachs article, millennials are the largest group in the US, with around 92 million people, and they are going to "Reshape the Economy". [11] This Generation invented Internet Memes, therefore "The more people go online, the stronger memes will be. Memes equal money; they have assisted in producing fame and fortune for many people, transforming nobodies to overnight sensations in the blink of an eye. Memes are a great opportunity."[12]

One of the target markets we are aiming for are developing countries, where wages are way below average in comparison to a first world countries. Dopameme cares about new generations and the social impact we can generate and benefit, providing a significant income in these markets, therefore triggering a mouth to mouth network effect adoption that only a multicultural community can achieve.

That being said, we expect our community to have a large amount of members from third world countries such as Venezuela, Mexico, Brazil, the reason being is that for example, a Mexican workers salary is around 4 USD per day, [13] which in the future just by making one viral meme unto our platform, could be a few days of salary when exchanged.



This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

13



Reinventing user generated content on the blockchain will have an impact incentivizing and rewarding users for their work will disrupt the way social media interacts with the world and penetrate the meme market to its full potential which is yet to be discovered. 5.3 Referrals For Dopameme's community to grow we will incentivize referrals with token rewards. These rewards will only apply when the referred user creates an account, fully activates it, and is active in the platform by logging in at least 15 times in the first month. 5.4 AirDrop An Airdrop basically is a free distribution of tokens from the supply as a gift for people who holds Eth or any selected Token, in order to attract their interest to the project, connecting people in the community to try our product with the token as a financial incentive.

After carefully reviewing some other projects Airdrops like OMG and Indorse we decided to give away 2% of DMT supply to Eth addresses, and allied projects, soon to be announced.[14]

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

14



6. Token sale

The pre-sale will take place on November 21st, 2017 at 9:00pm GMT and it will have a hard cap. The main token sale will be on December 5th, 2017 at 9:00pm GMT and we will sell the remaining unsold tokens. (Hard cap will not increase)

In order to participate in the Token sale everyone will have to register in dopamine.io and complete the necessary information.

With our token sale model, we are aiming for thousands investors who want to be part of this community, get involved to empower the ecosystem in order to join this project.

Token contract address to be determined, will be published only in our Main site, Dopameme.io and to email subscribers, don't follow any External links, (Be extra careful of Phishing sites and fake twitter accounts). All transactions will be auditable in Dopameme.eth at https://etherscan.io/

General Information

Tokens for Sale

100,000,000 DMT

Maximum financing

15,000,000 USD or ETH equivalent

Minimum financing

2,500,000 USD ETH or ETH equivalent

Token Sale duration

30 Days

Minimum Contribution .02 ETH / $5 USD Approx. (Gas & Wei Limits will be announced soon) Any Ether sent to the token contract before the time and date will be rejected.

We aim to give it the price of:

50,000 ETH = 100,000,000 DMT - (15% Core Developers + 20% User growth pool/sustain

for the first stage + 5% Bounties) + 20% of MTT 1 ETH = 2,000 DMT + 20% MTT (Token will be used on the dopameme platform)

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

15



Bonus

Early Supporter Bonus

 First 10% of the token sale will earn 10% Bonus

 From 10% to 20% will earn 8% Bonus  From 20% to 30% will earn 6% Bonus  From 30% to 40% will earn 4% Bonus  From 40% to 50% will earn 2% Bonus

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

16



7. Project Budget.

 Development and Operations

50% of our budget it's for getting the best development team guide with our blockchain masters, we have UX experts and full-stack developers, aiming to create the dream team.

 Marketing

In order to get the best marketing team we will invest the 25% of the budget to create great content for social media, our platform, videos and digital marketing.

 Legal

5% for legal, creating the company, licenses and titles.

 Contingency

Back up for emergencies.

 Administration  Partnerships and Security

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

17



8. DMT Fund Allocation.

 Public Contributors  Core Developers  User Growth Pool

We will share these tokens to attract new users through Airdrop and other systems.

 Sustain for the first year

Artificial Floor divided by 365 days to grant a solid user base.

 Bounties

5% Advisors and 5% Collaborators and early adopters.

Core Developer Tokens will be locked in a smart contract for 18 months.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

18



9. Security & Legal

We, at Dopameme.io, are concerned about Security due to the latest hacks, bugs, and loopholes inside Smart contracts and the Ethereum platform. Therefore, we will create a bug bounty prior Main-net releases, as well as internal and external audits to ensure we have a stable version to launch.

9.1 Copyright

The creation of a meme and its publication, will under no circumstances infringe on copyrights owned by others. After all, a meme is a modification of the original work, for example a picture. US Law gives us important guidance on this issue. A meme clearly falls under the fair use exception as stated in  107 of the Copyright Act. The reason a meme shall never infringe on copyrights is that the image is used for particular purposes. That is to say for commentary, criticism and as a parody or satire. So Dopameme and its users can publish any meme without any legal consequences whatsoever.

The purpose of this platform, dopameme.io (the "Site") is to provide web publishing services. Please read these terms of service ("Agreement") carefully before using the Site or any services provided on the platform. By using or accessing the Services, you agree to become bound by all the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of this Agreement, do not use the Services, you can read all the terms here.

9.2 Legal Disclaimer

1. This whitepaper and all its content are only issued for the purpose of informing its readers, and shall never constitute an offer to participate in equity or shares of any current or future company connected with Dopameme. Purchasing or taking possession of a DMT and/or MTT should not be construed as taking equity or shares in any current or future company connected with Dopameme, nor any offer to conclude a contract, agreement or other commitment.

2. In the event a person decides to purchase or otherwise takes possession of DMT and/or MTT, Dopameme expressly rejects any liability for direct and/or consequential losses or damages of any nature, when these losses or damages are the direct or indirect result of this document and its content. This includes any error, omission or inaccuracy contained in this whitepaper.

3. The nature of DMT and MTT is that they are cryptographic tokens distributed on the Ethereum network, and cannot be exchanged for any goods and services. Moreover, DMT and MTT can only be used within the architecture that Dopameme offers.

4. DMT and MTT are not an investment, and its initial offering cannot be construed as an investment advice. There is absolutely no guarantee that DMT and MTT will increase or decrease in value after purchasing it. Likewise, DMT and MTT grant no equity or right to control a company connected to Dopameme.io, now and in the future.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

19



Future and Current Risks associated with the purchase of DMT and MTT

Anyone who does not use DMT and MTT with honesty and integrity may lose their right to use and access Dopameme's website and networks, and this conduct may even lose their token. In that case, lost tokens will be redistributed among the Dopameme community.

Dopameme fulfils its obligation to grant purchaser's access to their DMT and MTT. However, users bear the risk of losing their login credentials which eventually can result in losing their DMT and MTT tokens. Users should investigate themselves what the best way is to store their credentials, for example in one or more digital locations or on a cold wallet. The user is responsible to guard and restrict the access to his credentials and shall make any reasonable effort to avoid third parties access to purchasers' login credentials and private keys.

Dopameme's functionality and DMT and MTT depend on the Ethereum protocol. Any malfunction and deviance from Ethereum's normal functioning may result in the malfunctioning of Dopameme and its tokens. Ether is the native unit of account of the Ethereum protocol, and is susceptible to lose its value. Similarly, DMT and MTT can also lose their value.

There is much debate on the topic of blockchain, also within governments. Recently, several countries have restricted or forbid the access to certain cryptocurrencies or tokens. The functionality of Dopameme and its tokens can be affected by regulatory measures from a country in which purchaser resides. These measures could be, and are not limited to: restrictions on the use, sale, or possession of digital tokens.

There is always the risk that Dopameme and its tokens will not be widely adopted by its users and content creators. This risk can negatively impact Dopameme, its tokens and functionality. If Dopameme lacks the use and adoption by a general public, this may influence the value of Dopameme and its tokens as a whole. Another thread may be (temporary) security weaknesses, and globally individual and groups of hackers and the theft of data. This can have a negative impact on the functionality of Dopameme and its tokens.

Another risk is the technical advance of cryptography, as a result of quantum computing or any other future development or computer engineering technique that could result in the theft, hacking or loss of DMT and MTT. Unanticipated cryptographic risks and/or combinations or variations of the abovementioned risks, as well as emergence of new unknown risks, can result in the malfunctioning of Dopameme and loss of its tokens.

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

20



10. Team & Advisors

Sergio Valencia - CEO Co-Founder Humberto Sanchez - COO Co-Founder Odiseo Ibanez - CTO Co-Founder Andres Sosa - Lead Blockchain Developer Angel Hernandez - Full Stack Developer Dalia Torres  Marketing / Community Manager Alejandro Valencia  Finance Assistant

Advisors

Eric Dorantes  Business Advisor Juan Jose Dominguez  Marketing Advisor Robbert Walstra  Legal Advisor

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

21



11. Roadmap

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

22



12. Resources & Community Channels

We will be available for any concerns and questions on these platforms

 Slack  Telegram  Twitter  Facebook  Reddit  YouTube  Medium  Instagram

General Links

 Dopameme homepage  GitHub Repository  BitcoinTalk  F.A.Q.

Bibliography

[1] 3 reasons why Internet memes are changing the world https://blogs.microsoft.com/next/2014/03/07/3-reasons-why-internet-memes-arechanging-the-world

[2] Meme warfare: how the power of mass replication has poisoned the US election. https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/04/political-memes-2016-electionhillary-clinton-donald-trump

[3] A model of growth through creative destruction https://dash.harvard.edu/bitstream/handle/1/12490578/A%20Model%20of%20Growth%20 through%20Creative%20Destruction.pdf?sequence=1

[4] 0x Project. https://www.0xproject.com/pdfs/0x_white_paper.pdf

[5] Salim Ismail. Exponential Organizations. http://exponentialorgs.com/

[6] Ethereum. https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/White-Paper#ethereum

[7] Joel Monger. Fat Protocols http://www.usv.com/blog/fat-protocols

[8] Michael Karnjanaprakorn. Tokens and ICO's http://mikekarnj.com

[9] How fake news go viral https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-fakenews-goes-viral-mdash-heres-the-math/

[10] Alexa Site Analytics http://www.alexa.com/siteinfo/9gag.com.

[11] Millenials. Goldman Sachs. http://www.goldmansachs.com/ourthinking/pages/millennials/?t=t

[12] The Power of Internet Memes and A Lot of Fun along the Way https://1stwebdesigner.com/power-internet-memes/

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

23



[13] Mexico Average Daily Wages. https://tradingeconomics.com/mexico/wages [14] OmiseGo Project. https://cdn.omise.co/omg/whitepaper.pdf

This whitepaper is a work in progress and can be edited at any given time

24



