Dragonchain C ommercial Platform Version 6 September  2017 Copyright  2017 Dragonchain

Background

Dragonchain was originally developed at Disney's Seattle office in 2015 and 2016 as the Disney Private Blockchain Platform. Over 20 use cases and applications1 were explored and documented publicly via the W3C Blockchain Community Group2. The platform was later released as open source software u nder the A pache 2  l icense i n O ctober of 2016.

Dragonchain simplifies the integration of real business applications onto a blockchain and provides features such as easy integration, protection of business data and operations, currency agnosticism, and multi-currency support.

The Dragonchain Foundation, a Non-Profit Corporation was created in January of 2017 to maintain ownership and r esponsibility of t he open s ource code.

The Dragonchain team is now in the process of launching a commercial entity to build a serverless architecture blockchain platform, and an incubator. The combination of serverless and blockchain technologies is unique and tremendously valuable. The timing of the Dragonchain platform launch is highly strategic to benefit from explosive growth of cloud computing over the last few years and the emerging w ave of B lockchain solutions e ntering proof o f concept s tage a cross enterprises.

Vision

The Dragonchain team will launch Dragonchain, Inc., as a commercial entity to provide an array of products and services to the community. Our vision supports areas of the market that are underserved with strong demand and projected growth in the blockchain industry ($7.7b by 20243) across an array of multi-billion dollar sectors such as Arts, Wine, Automotive, Legal, Digital Marketing, etc. These sectors and more will experience market disruption with blockchain

1 W 3C -  Disney Dragonchain - Blockchain Use C ases - h ttps://dragonchain.github.io/blockchain-use-cases 2 W3C Blockchain C ommunity G roup -  https://www.w3.org/community/blockchain/ 3 Grand View Research  http://www.grandviewresearch.com/press-release/global-blockchain-technology-market

2017 D ragonchain                Dragonchain Commercial P latform  v6                  Page 1 o f 15



capabilities shifting the value proposition into decentralized environments. Dragonchain platform will support t hese n eeds.

A Turnkey B lockchain Platform for B usiness

Dragonchain provides a commercial platform for application developers to rapidly and securely deploy Blockchain applications while maintaining existing language development environments (e.g. Java, Python, Node, C#, Go); a tremendous costing and speed to market advantage. The Dragonchain architecture is also designed to allow nodes to handle approval of transactions based upon five levels of network consensus to provide a spectrum of trust to data consumers; a level of security and flexibility unseen in the market by current blockchain solution providers. These design attributes p osition D ragonchain for e xponential g rowth.

 Serverless s ystem a nd s mart c ontracts  Established language s upport for smart contracts ( Java, P ython, Node, C#, Go, e tc.)  Scalable - Amazon A WS and Google d eployments  Secure -  Protection of business d ata and o perations  Advanced currency i mplementations  Smart c ontract l ibraries  Currency Agnostic

Benefits

 Lower d evelopment cost u tilizing e xisting d evelopment l anguages  Faster speed t o m arket  Significantly h igher levels o f s ecurity  Higher s calability

DragonFund I ncubator

Dragonchain will provide project incubation as well as professional services with strategic partnerships to develop successful tokenization ecosystems focusing on long term value. This includes;

 Standard p rocesses f or t he i ncubation of b lockchain startups a nd new integrations  Marketplace dashboard for community engagement to monitor and c ompare projects  Direct access to l egal, t echnical, marketing, and e conomic subject matter

experts as partners f or advice a nd support  Dragonchain platform team to model digital economics aligned with token model;

business design, user acquisition and retention, lifetime value, creation of network effects, m onetization models, data strategy, a nd KPI's.  Expedited launch c ycles  Sustainable token m arketplaces

2017 Dragonchain                Dragonchain C ommercial P latform  v 6                  Page 2 o f 1 5



Problem

Security o n a  B lockchain P latform

Data exposure and security is a known issue to large institutions wanting to leverage blockchain technology, as they typically have very sensitive customer data that sometimes has regulatory or legal risks associated (e.g. banking, health, identity, etc.). The data exposure risk can be somewhat alleviated by either obfuscation or separation, however, in both cases, this requires extra design and development work up front, as well as reduces somewhat the utility of the blockchain s ystem i tself. A so far generally unrecognized risk in the use of blockchain technology is that associated with the public exposure of smart contract logic as necessary on most blockchain platforms. T he smart contract is exposed and transparent which means that the team must implement very sensitive proprietary business logic in a separate system. Also, any obfuscated data may be unraveled by an i nterested v iewer o f t ransactions. Most important however is the combined risk of exposed data and business logic, as it is the equivalent of placing your operational system, all of your data, and a bounty of funds in the public domain. Unlike the well understood and successful open source model, where the discoverer of a flaw or vulnerability in utility software is incentivized to to fix the issue or notify the community of its existence, in the case of a discovered vulnerability on a blockchain, the discoverer is actually incentivized to attack the smart contract and withdraw funds or valuable information.

2017 Dragonchain                Dragonchain C ommercial P latform  v 6                  Page 3  of 1 5



Skill Set Challenge

Leveraging blockchain technology for real business initiatives is expensive and very risky in an operational environment. This can be expected to result in low success rates as creation of software without blockchain technology is already fraught with difficulty and the addition of a relatively new technology such as blockchain with features such as cryptography, Proof of work, economics, currency modeling, game theory, and custom programming languages is sure to cause more trouble f or a t eam a s the o verlap of these s kills i s particularly rare. Dragonchain solves this problem by allowing development and integration before the economic model is known. Monetization can be applied after a system is functioning and enough real data is available for a nalysis.

2017 Dragonchain                D ragonchain C ommercial P latform  v6                  Page 4 of 1 5



Solution & B usiness Focus

When Dragonchain was originally launched, the team had several goals in mind based upon past experience developing b lockchain s olutions:

 Protection o f Business Data a nd P rocesses  Ease of I ntegration  Simplified Development  RESTful I nterfaces  Simple Architecture  Short, F ixed L ength B lock Time  No Base Currency  Currency A gnostic w ith Multi-Currency S upport  Interoperability w ith other B lockchains  Adoption of Standards The platform was designed for use in a wide variety of use cases and applications. It is particularly useful in non-financial systems and in monetization and modeling of micro-economies for example to replace political economies within an organization with transparent rules to incentivize productive or otherwise v alued behavior.

Verification and C onsensus

In the open source Dragonchain Architecture document4, we introduced the concept of "context based verification" wherein Dragonchain adds another dimension to the common blockchain model. This new structure may be best thought of as a "blockchain of blockchains," where business nodes handle approval of t ransactions based u pon local a nd s ometimes p roprietary business logic.

The Dragonchain architecture provides five standardized levels of consensus to provide a spectrum o f t rust t o c onsumers o f data;

1. Business (Approval) V erification 2. Enterprise ( Validation) V erification 3. Network D iversity V erification 4. External Partner (Notary) Verification 5. Public C heckpoint V erification

4 Dragonchain Architecture -  https://dragonchain.github.io/architecture

2017 Dragonchain                D ragonchain Commercial Platform  v6                  Page 5  of 1 5



As the verification level increases for a block, security increases, risk decreases, and measure of risk b ecomes possible.

Level 1  B usiness V erification (Approval)

Analogous to other blockchain systems, the business context provides localized approval of transactions and operates primarily on a trust basis. Although a proof algorithm can be applied, it is not necessary as data approved at this level can be considered trusted by the team that owns the data and any other team that decides to trust that data. This may best be viewed as web services on a blockchain, where developers familiar with web services or similar traditional services development may productively leverage b lockchain technology. Use of this model has been shown to improve the blockchain technology learning curve, as well as lower the risk of decentralized system development. A team can build atop the Dragonchain system to integrate existing systems or add new capabilities without a full understanding of the economic modeling that may later become valuable. That is, many projects have seen value by starting with data transparency as a goal, followed by late binding to an economic model based upon historical evidence. Note that any data contained in the business defined payload of a transaction will not move across the network u nless e xplicitly authorized by t he o wner of a node(s).

2017 D ragonchain                D ragonchain Commercial P latform  v 6                  Page 6  of 1 5



Level 2  Enterprise Verification ( Validation)

This context is defined Enterprise or network wide, and checks for block and individual transaction validity in form, signature, and required data elements. This can be considered as providing "Real-time Enterprise Governance" with rules defined at the Enterprise level for validation of all transactions r egardless of the local business data.

Level 3 N etwork Diversity Verification

A Level 3 node will verify diversity of validation (Level 2) verifications. This verification context will ensure that validations of transactions are coming from a sufficiently diverse set of distributed sources. It also provides control and measurement of network effect and provides distributed security as an attacker would be required to attack multiple systems, businesses, and d ata c enters in o rder to tamper w ith existing d ata.

Level 4  E xternal P artner V erification (Notary)

A level 4 node will provide a notary functionality to the consensus process. Hosted by an external partner, a level 4 node cryptographically signs any level 3 verification records that it receives. This function allows the Level 4 node to act as an independent witness to level 3 verifications.

Level 5 Public V erification (Public Checkpoint)

A Level 5 node will provide a bridge to one or more public blockchains and allow clients to interact w ith t hem ( e.g. Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, etc.).

With this, Dragonchain is able to provide a spectrum of trust for the consumer of blockchain data, where risk is accepted based upon a combination of real world contracts, reputation of nodes, and trustless system assertions. That is, one may trust one's own data as valid, but require varying levels of consensus verification before accepting a partner or foreign node for use. T he s ystem will p rovide a h uman r eadable r eport as well a s A PI access t o t his capability.

Currency

Dragonchain is intentionally "currency agnostic". That is, the architecture defines the ability to create a blockchain without currency, or with one or more currencies in place. We've experimented w ith and expect t o make available i nteresting currency f eatures.

See the Dragonchain open source architecture document for a full description of the currency architecture.

2017 D ragonchain                D ragonchain C ommercial P latform  v6                  Page 7  o f 1 5



Serverless Deployment

With the commercial launch of Dragonchain, Inc., we are leveraging the architecture of the Dragonchain platform to provide a serverless blockchain platform for business use. Dragonchain's hybrid model allows a serverless approach, because the smart contracts are executed in a traditional model and on a trusted node. A team can productively use the talents of a traditional software engineer, along with best practices devops to build a system, whilst leveraging t he c apabilities of blockchain technology.

We will initially launch on Amazon AWS, with the entire system using AWS Lambda services, and with all user provisioned smart contracts deployed as Lambda services. Deployment in this manner will provide to the user the full scaling capacity of the AWS platform as well as all available services. In the future, we expect to port the system for deployment to Google App Engine a nd A pache OpenWhisk f or internal datacenter d eployment.

Availability o f Established L anguages

With this arrangement, and due to the abstraction of trust provided by the Dragonchain architecture, the u ser has a ccess to multiple full l anguages as s upported b y A WS5:

 Python  Java  Node.js  C#

These languages are consistently ranked in the top 10 for usage in the real world in such surveys and studies as Redmonk Programming Language Ratings6, S tack Overflow Developer Survey7, G ithub Language Trends8, and PYPL Programming Language Popularity Index9. Availability of popular, established, and well understood languages for safe and secure use on a blockchain is a valuable capability in convenience and risk to the team and for adoption of the Dragonchain platform. Millions of active developers currently code fluently in one or more of these languages and Dragonchain will provide an easy path for these developers toward the use o f blockchain t echnology.

Dragon T okens

Dragon tokens (AKA Dragons) represent a tokenized license for interaction with Dragonchain commercial platform services. The tokens will be issued and provided to the public via an open

5 AWS L ambda FAQs -  https://aws.amazon.com/lambda/faqs/ 6 Redmonk Programming Language Ratings - http://redmonk.com/sogrady/2017/03/17/language-rankings-1-17/ 7 Stack Overflow D eveloper Survey 2017 -  https://insights.stackoverflow.com/survey/2017#technology 8 The State o f the O ctoverse 2 016 -  h ttps://octoverse.github.com/ 9 P YPL P rogramming Language Popularity I ndex - http://pypl.github.io/PYPL.html

2017 Dragonchain                Dragonchain Commercial P latform  v 6                  Page 8  o f 1 5



sale in 2017. For more information, check the official token sale page: https://dragonchain.com/tokensale.

Utility

Dragons will be used by developers and organizations to interact with the Dragonchain commercial platform products and services (e.g. launch nodes, provision smart contracts, access incubator dashboard, etc.). As a tokenized license with value in utility service rights, the tokens will further allow individuals or organization to be rewarded in an open market for running public o r private n odes f or network consensus.

Dragons will also be used to support projects in the DragonFund Incubator. They will provide early access to technology and data from the projects, as well as allow first access to purchase tokens f or u se o n t he d eveloped p latforms.

For the Dragonchain Foundation, the maintainer of the Dragonchain open source code, Dragons will be used to reward and incentivize developers contributing to the open source project and related projects. The tokens will be used to increase adoption in the developer community with rewards and training. Community members will be able to contribute on issues and designs, and reward active participation in the development of important functionality anywhere in the world.

Team

Joe R oets - C EO / Principal A rchitect /  Vision Dragonchain Foundation, D isney, L ockheed Martin, FBI, D oD, S ymbiont, Overstock :  25+ Years S oftware Development D esign a nd A rchitecture.

George S arhanis -  Chief Business Officer / Business S trategist /  Partnering Dragonchain F oundation, D igital V entures Group, B ig F ish G ames, Sega o f America, Googlet :  1 7+ Y ears B usiness Management, Strategy, Finance, P artnerships

Brandon Kite - Lead Developer -  O pen S ource Dragonchain Foundation, D isney

Dylan Y elton - Developer Dragonchain Foundation, D isney

Alex B enedetto -  D eveloper Dragonchain F oundation, Disney

Chin-One C han  -  M arketing M anager Asia / Evangelist

2017 Dragonchain                D ragonchain C ommercial Platform  v6                  Page 9  of 15



Microsoft Corporation, Buzz Bee Marketing, 8 ninths, A ccessor C apital, Potomac C apital Sabrina G asson - Marketing M anager E urope / E vangelist

Kuju Entertainment, Testronic Labs, Konami Digital, Big F ish Games Mike G rabham - I ncubation Lead

Start-up G rind NW Chapter Director, Start-IT T V H ost, F ounder of multiple s uccessful start-ups Chelsea Anderson - General Counsel GSB Law, S eattle WA US Scott W arner -  IP Attorney GSB L aw, S eattle WA US

2017 D ragonchain                Dragonchain Commercial P latform  v 6                  P age 10 o f 15



Go T o Market S trategy

Dragonchain will penetrate the market through developer relations, corporate sales, and start-up services ranging from advisory to financing to development. To achieve this, the team and go to market protocols are assigned across a geographic emphasis with market managers across 3 separate regions; Asia, USA, Europe. The role of the market manager is primarily concerned with l ocalization i ssues a nd second t he specific m arket t ailored offerings. The nucleus of Dragonchain's growth will stem from a blend of technology and incubation services. The technology model is similar to Amazon's AWS model, and the incubation model is similar to Y-Combinator. Both highly prominent organizations that are deep rooted with community a nd market s uccess.

Professional S ervices

Dragonchain will provide t wo l evels o f professional services, t hose offered b y c ompany staff a nd those p rovided b y qualified preferred vendors. This will be for the p urpose o f h elping new offerings i nto t he w orld of blockchain and token offerings to successfully l aunch t hat allow f or value c reation, operational f lexibility, a nd competitive advantage.

2017 D ragonchain                D ragonchain C ommercial P latform  v6                  Page 1 1 of 1 5



Services will span across legal, s trategic, m arketing, d evelopment, and f inance. A ssigning preferred vendors will a llow Dragonchain to reach a nd support a n i nternational a udience.

Incubator

Incubator &  Fund :  DragonFund works w ith c ompanies t o help them i dentify how blockchain technology a nd smart contracts c an a dvance their mission, a nd i n select cases t o b uild-out token marketplace environments t hat w ill build a nd increase long term v alue. Dragonchain will benefit from licensing fees a nd t oken ownership. We will a lso p rovide access t o strategic resources t o advance an i ncubated project.

Projects U nder Incubation

Look Lateral -  Liquid A rt

Blockchain b ased arts Provenance and L iquid marketplace. P rovides market b ased P rovenance in a dvance of a service t o securitize r are assets f or a  liquid m arket. Website: http://www.looklateral.com Location: Mantova, Italy &  San Francisco, USA

Seed2You

Company in the c annabis sector t hat h as c ommissioned Dragonchain with building out a  s uite o f smart contract applications t o support t he state l aws i n tandem with o perator needs and finance from b anking and p rivate financiers. Initially f or W ashington s tate, and then f or a ll 9  s tates t hat have legalized industry. Website: http://seed2you.biz/index.html Location: S eattle, WA

LifeID

lifeID is developing a b lockchain-based o pen i dentity p latform t hat a llows u sers to manage a digital identity and h ow i t can b e u sed to i nteract with both the d igital a nd physical world, a ll without r elying on the o versight o r c ontrol o f a  l arge social network, company, o r g overnment. Identities on this blockchain are created and m anaged via a  system o f smart c ontracts on a permissionless blockchain t hat w ill be g overned b y i dentity h olders. This means a nyone can

2017 D ragonchain                D ragonchain Commercial Platform  v6                  P age 1 2 of 15



create o ne d igital identity t o use for h is/her entire l ife a nd everything i n i t.  U sing this b lockchain and a  biometric-capable s martphone a pp s uch a s l ifeID f or iOS, users c an safely and s ecurely identify themselves, taking the p lace of a l ogin and p assword o nline o r a  card key in t he p hysical world, a ll while giving t he u ser c omplete control over his/her privacy. The team at lifeID i s i nvestigating t he use o f Dragonchain's tokenized m icro-license f or t he software that b ridges t he l ifeID b lockchain w ith t he Web 2.0 applications t hat will u se i t. Website: https://lifeid.io/ Location: B ellevue, W A

IDPay

Existing c ompany providing s olutions f or G overnment Treasury, i ncluding Budget o ptimization, Payroll, and Social f unds o ptimization. The C osta Rican Government Treasury, has been using the software f or 8 y ears, a nd saved h undreds of millions of d ollars. P roject will build o n e xisting product onto Dragonchain platform. Location: San Jose, Costa Rica.

ClevX

An i ntellectual d evelopment and licensing firm f ocused in t he area of s ecurity offerings. Maintains a  strong d ominance i n government accounts t hrough value-added r esellers f or their FIPS L evel 3  a uthentication d esigns. Website: http://www.clevx.com Location: K irkland W A U SA

Legal

A D ragon token r epresents a tokenized l icense for i nteraction with D ragonchain commercial platform s ervices. A  Dragon t oken does not represent ownership o r equity in any company and as such should n ot b e considered for potential i ncrease i n value, b ut r ather for i ts utility v alue a s described in the D ragonchain White P aper.

Location: U S b ased s ale Legal R epresentation b y GSB Law See token sale p age f or detailed i nformation.

2017 Dragonchain                Dragonchain Commercial Platform  v 6                  P age 1 3 of 15



2017 D ragonchain                D ragonchain Commercial P latform  v 6                  Page 1 4 o f 1 5



Contact I nformation &  References

Telegram: Announcements Channel &  Discussion Group General Inquiries: i nfo@dragonchain.com Token s ale q uestions: tokensale@dragonchain.com Technical Support: support@dragonchain.org Press Inquiries: press@dragonchain.com Twitter: @  dragonchaingang Dragonchain F oundation -  https://dragonchain.github.io/ Dragonchain Architecture -  https://dragonchain.github.io/architecture Blockchain Use C ases D ocument -  h ttps://dragonchain.github.io/blockchain-use-cases Dragonchain G ithub -  h ttps://github.com/dragonchain/dragonchain News Articles - https://dragonchain.github.io/blog/

2017 Dragonchain                D ragonchain Commercial Platform  v6                  P age 15 of 1 5



