+++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++



+++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++ +++++++++++



Whitepaper

Published August 2017



Environmental Sustainability Meets the Sustainable Business



Index



Unlocking an undervalued Asset Class



3 Introduction 4



Mitigating impacts of products and services



7 Demand side use-cases 7



11 Climate Neutral Fuel



Waste-to-Energy Solutions 15



18 Future use-cases



Token Sale 19



19 Token Sale Offer



Token Allocation 20



21 Application of funds



Company Information 22



23 Jurisdictional choice



Executive Team and Advisors 25



Confidentiality Statement

This document has been issued in the strictest confidence and no parts of this, or any other document in this regard, may be reproduced or communicated in any form, without the express prior consent of impactChoice. By continuing past this point you acknowledge the confidentiality of the information contained herein, and that same shall only be used for the specific purpose of evaluating the business opportunity herein represented by impactChoice.

2



Introduction



Climate change poses a major risk to the global economy, affecting the wealth and prosperity of all citizens and nations around the world. It will have significant impact on resource availability, energy pricing, infrastructure vulnerability and company valuations.

Corporate environmental sustainability efforts are no longer considered purely voluntary. Customers and shareholders alike now expect meaningful energy and emissions reductions, whilst legislators at every level are creating new regulations that require proof of compliance of climate change adaptation.

The untapped and undervalued Natural Capital asset class is estimated to be worth in excess of USD $120 trillion, while specific assets represented by institutions and individuals committed to some sort of divestment from fossil fuels is estimated to reach $5 trillion in 2017.

While awareness and legislation regarding climate change and the critical importance of Natural Assets grows, there is as yet no transparent mechanism to connect producers of these Natural Assets with the buyers and consumers of those assets.

Today, as is the case with many industries, control and the resultant benefits reside with a privileged few.

The Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform and EARTH Token cryptocurrency provides a unique opportunity to truly transform the Natural



Capital Asset market, by creating a Natural Asset Marketplace that allows all stakeholders in the climate value chain to participate.

Stakeholders will also be able to package assets with value added services to create customized offerings catering to new market segments, expanding the overall market and creating additional wealth for all participants.

As a provider of innovative environmental sustainability solutions since 2009, we understand the immense value of this new platform and paradigm. We already offer a unique range of existing solutions that create demand for Natural Capital Assets, underpinned by a proven business models, with existing, paying clients.

Climate change adaptation requires our collective, and urgent intervention, to ensure future generations are left with a sustainable planet.

It is a rare opportunity to create significant wealth by doing the right thing.

EARTH Token and the Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform described herein is based on the premise that impactChoice will raise capital via crowdfunding.

We look forward to you joining our community to make a difference and realise the benefits of this enormous market opportunity.



Leonard Harley

Group Managing Director - impactChoice Ltd



3



Unlocking an undervalued Asset Class



Blockchains are clearly changing the world.

Pick almost any industry and you can observe how blockchain technology has the potential to cause disruptive change.

Consider project financing, where bankers, private equity, venture capital and selected individuals have for far too long controlled most of the capital, and the resultant profits that flow from investments in projects.

Blockchains carry the promise of a more inclusive and



universally accessible world, a world in which community participants and common folk get an equal opportunity to participate, and share, in the value that they create.

Natural Capital is the world's stock of natural resources. The untapped and undervalued. Natural Capital asset class is estimated to be worth in excess of USD $120 trillion, yet no transparent mechanism exists to connect producers of Natural Assets with business, consumers, or IoT devices.



Establishment of the Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform with EARTH Token as the settlement mechanism currency will:



Provide a free, open, transparent and

universally accessible platform connecting producers of Natural

Assets with buyers



Eliminate fraud and double counting of

Natural Assets



Provide sellers with flexible pricing mechanisms



Reduce complexity related to fiat currency

exchange rates



Eliminate registration fees for both buyers and sellers



Eliminate the need for external 3rd party

registries for buyers and sellers



Eliminate the requirement for buyers to

fund escrow accounts



Eliminate minimum transaction volumes



Vastly reduce transaction fees



Reduce lead times through simultaneous fulfilment & settlement



Enable embedding of Natural Assets directly into products and/or

services



Enable all to invest in Natural Asset projects, creating sustainable, risk-

adjusted, long-term returns for all participants



4



The Natural Asset Exchange blockchain platform will enable certified Natural Capital Asset project developers to list their products (e.g. carbon credits, REC's, metered output, etc.), on a unique Blockchain & Smart Contract platform, specifically designed for the Natural Asset trading market, at no cost.

Since the Natural Assets will reside directly on a blockchain there will be no need for sellers to incur the costs related to 3rd party registries to record sales and retirement of assets.

An innovative aspect of blockchain technology is that it automatically prevents double-spend of natively loaded assets, resulting in a fraud-resistant solution.

Since our establishment in 2009, we have been pioneering the use of digitally represented Natural Assets to provide innovative environmental sustainability solutions. In April 2017 we launched the latest version of our climate asset management and trading platform that is based on a private permissioned blockchain ledger.

There are no registration fees for buyers, and there is no need to fund escrow accounts with an exchange, as is the current practice, nor are there any limits on transaction volumes (unless stipulated by the seller), nor will buyers be required to register with 3rd party registries; all of which are current barriers to participation.

Sellers control their own profit pipeline by having access to a range of flexible pricing mechanisms (e.g. fixed price, spot rate, various auction types, etc.), which they will be able to assign to their asset pool based on their chosen percentage of the pool allocation; all without long-term contractual lock-in.

The use of EARTH Tokens (EARTH) as the settlement currency reduces complexity related to fiat currency exchange rates, along with significantly reduced transaction fees. EARTH tokens will be based on Ethereum, a next generation blockchain protocol enabling advanced smart contracts.

Ethereum is future-proof (e.g. IoT Smart Contracts), censorship resistant, globally available, and provides transparent guarantees about future operations of the platform. With Ethereum, we can eliminate middlemen and counterparty risk at the currency level.



Fulfilment and settlement will take place simultaneously, based on the terms of the agreed Smart Contract between buyers and sellers at the time of purchase, essentially eliminating lengthy transaction lead times that are commonplace. Just-intime purchasing of Natural Assets that is transparent and global in scale, will finally be a reality.

Market makers, such as impactChoice & others, will have access to Smart Contracts & API's to enable direct integration into their systems, for embedding Natural Assets directly into their products, services and / or solutions.

The ability to mitigate environmental impact in complex, integrated manufacturing processes and supply-chains, on a pay-as-you-go, just-in-time fashion, becomes truly feasible, reducing corporate risk and exposure to hedged Natural Assets.

Direct sales to business and consumers will be facilitated by using applications that are accessible by multiple device types and operating systems (e.g. desktop browser, Mobile iOS / Android, etc.), whilst specific Smart Contracts and API's will cater for IoT connected devices.

We believe that the proliferation of smart devices will ultimately result in a requirement for device enabled environmental impact mitigation, via self-regulated Smart Contract interfaces.

The development and the adoption of EARTH Token as the underpinning store of value and settlement mechanism of the Natural Asset Exchange can foster unprecedented accessibility and transparency in the trading of Natural Assets.

It will truly democratize global efforts that are aiming to address climate change adaptation, at corporate, consumer and IoT device levels, for the sake of future generations.



6



Natural Capital Asset Provider

Y Waste to Energy projects Y Solar projects Y Windfarm projects Y Carbon sequestration projects Y Avoided emissions projects Y Small scale Hydro / other projects



Supply side Demand side



Natural Asset Exchange Blockchain



Existing imapactChoice Solutions



Carbon Mitigation Solution



Climate Neutral

Fuel



Clean Energy Solutions



Future Growth



Direct sales



IoT devices



3rd Party Solutions



Global Marketplace 5



Emissions per room night



Hotel (Scope 1 and 2)



Guest (Scope3)



The diagram above illustrates the concept of "scope transfer" related to a business transaction across a given supply chain; i.e. an upstream provider's (e.g. the Hotel's) combined Scope 1 & 2 emissions, are also the downstream consumer's (e.g. the Guest's) Scope 3 emissions.

Therefore, by mitigating (offsetting) the environmental impact of the 'room night', both parties benefit!

The hotel deducts the emissions reduction from their overall emissions, by association to the transaction, whilst the guest receives the actual carbon asset that is used to mitigate their environmental impact, proportional to their number of 'room night' stays.

When implementing our environmental impact mitigation solution, we transfer an emissions mitigating Carbon Asset from the native Carbon Asset source wallet address, to a wallet address owned by the guest. This provides irrefutable proof of environmental impact mitigation.



As the emissions reduction value has been calculated based on direct Scope 1 & 2 emissions using the HCMI methodology, hospitality providers are legitimately entitled to claim carbon neutrality for their participating guest's emissions. The hotel can then deduct the same amount of Scope 1 & 2 emissions in their own reporting, by association to the climate asset transfer transaction.

Conversely, recipients of Natural Assets are legitimately entitled to use the transferred Scope 3 Natural Assets as part of their own environmental impact mitigating activities.

For our clients in the business-to-business (B2B) market, the above embedded environmental impact mitigation activity has proven to be a distinct differentiator enabling our clients to win new contracts and grow market share.



8



Demand side use-cases

The solutions described below showcase current impactChoice implementations that drive demand for Natural Assets via the provision of our unique environmental sustainability solutions. Our technology enables our clients to address climate change adaptation, and create differentiated value that helps them build brand equity & increase market share.

Carbon Mitigation

The impactChoice Carbon Mitigation Solution is an elegant approach to compensating for negative environmental impact. It works by apportioning environmental impact mitigation mechanisms, and costs, to predetermined business metrics, which are directly linked with product, and service delivery, cost of sales models. We believe it is inevitable that mitigation of environmental impacts associated with the provision of products and services will eventually be factored into their price to the consumer. Since 2009 we have been developing business models, and technology platforms, to enable this shift, thereby adding value to both our clients and their downstream customers.

A Hospitality example

Let's us a Hotel as an example. We start by calculating the 'per room night' carbon equivalent footprint associated with providing a room, facilities and services to guests. This is achieved by conducting an accredited GHG emissions audit, which in the hospitality industry is based on the Hotel Carbon Management Initiative (HCMI) developed by the International Tourism Partnership (ITP) and the World Travel & Tourism Council (WTTC).

7



Recipient addresses



Asset address



Natural Assets linked to guest stays are transferred to recipient addresses... drawn from the source asset residing on the blockchain...

ImpactChoice



Natural Asset



Natural asset : available value Natural asset : transferred value



Confirmation of transaction completion is via a multilingual, template driven email, allowing for full customisation of content and messaging, in accordance to the needs of each client hotel, creating an environmental "touch point" with guests in their own language, post check-out.

Each transaction results in the generation of a public summary page containing information related to the asset transfer. Clients and asset recipients are in turn able to share these public summary pages via social media channels such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn to raise their social standing in relation to environmental sustainability stewardship.



Whilst there are many changes hotels can make to internal processes, behaviours, technology or facilities, in order to reduce their emissions, efficiency gains can only go so far  there will always be an emissions footprint associated with the operations, no matter how efficient the processes or technologies they use.

In addition, a number of essential processes or technologies often exist that are simply too costprohibitive to alter. The net result  a residual emissions footprint that requires mitigation.

The overall value proposition and benefits of our proven emissions mitigation solution can therefore be summarised as follows:



9



Marketing benefits

Y Enables the marketing and sales of a 'climate neutral' guest experience

Y Includes annual Greenhouse Gas emissions inventory audits (GHG Protocol & HCMI), and provides inputs for GRI sustainable development reporting & sustainable tourism certifications

Y Provides individual and corporate guests with tangible Carbon Assets as irrefutable proof of environmental impact mitigation

Y Creates 'environmental touch points' with guests that can be leveraged on social media channels



Environmental and technical benefits



Y Provides the foundation for a long-term environmental sustainability strategy that results in immediate reduction of emissions, that also includes environmental and socio-economic benefits for participating communities

Y A credible and tangible Carbon Asset management program built on blockchain / distributed ledger technology



Y An Energy Management System which enables energy usage monitoring and optimization, allowing for continued identification of power consumption reduction opportunities and billing verification is also typically included.

Y Access to an ISO 14001 compliant Environmental Management System is currently under development



10



According to STR Global, there are between 13.4 million and 17.5 million hotel rooms worldwide. Using a conservative occupancy rate of only 50% indicates that there are in excess of 2.4 billion room nights sold per annum.

The hospitality industry alone, therefore, represents a significant market opportunity for our Carbon Mitigation Solution as described above, and as evidenced via our existing hospitality client base.

What we have described above is truly a ubiquitous environmental impact mitigation solution that can be applied to any business, of any size, in any industry and accommodate any use-case. We simply need to package and sell the solution in the same manner as we have done within the hospitality industry to drive demand.



Climate Neutral Fuel



The impactChoice Climate Neutral Fuel solution is a technically proven, turnkey approach to fuel management that increases the operational efficiency of combustion equipment assets, resulting in an overall improvement in fuel consumption, reduced fuel costs and mitigation of harmful emissions associated with the combustion of fuel in vehicles, generators and other combustion assets vital to business and industry.

Our implementation is based on provision of the following distinct core components:

1. EPA registered & SABS SANS:342 compliant fuel catalyst

2. Automated bulk fuel treatment dosing plant



3. Carbon Mitigation Solution based on fuel volume treated

4. Bulk fuel storage tank gauging & asset level dispensing solution

5. Business Intelligence and Reporting console related to bulk fuel deliveries, fuel dosing treatments, bulk fuel tank gauging & monitoring and asset level fuel dispensing & fuel efficiency monitoring

Modern combustion catalysts undeniably improve fuel economy. The impactChoice F230/4 Combustion Enhancing Catalytic Fuel Optimiser is an EPA registered, 4th generation combustion enhancing technology based on catalytic effects, manufactured in the USA, and licensed to impactChoice for world-wide distribution and sale.



11



The combustion enhancing technology was conceived during the development and manufacturing of solid rocket fuel for the ATK Thiokol rocket booster program in the USA. It was formulated based on the understanding of burn rate modifiers used in the missile defence programs for the US military, and rocket booster technology used by NASA.

The main active ingredients are synergistic, multifunctional combustion catalysts that include combustion surface modifiers & deposit surface modifiers, which can be used with any liquid hydrocarbon fuel ranging from gasoline to diesel to residual fuel, and has even shown promise for use with solid carbon fuels such as coal.



An integral component of our Climate Neutral Fuel Solution is the application, or dosing, of the fuel catalyst into bulk fuel storage facilities. To ensure continuity of solution delivery we intend to install a sophisticated, fully-automated bulk Fuel Catalyst Injection Dosing System which would be integrated into the bulk fuel storage facilities operated by our clients, on a plug & play basis.

Our dosing systems will automatically, accurately and consistently inject our fuel catalyst into bulk fuel storage tanks in all climatic conditions and incorporate optional asset level consumption monitoring, data logging and near real-time data communications into a single system.



1.1 meters



2.2 meters



Bulk Fuel Dosing System



Air relief



Tank level probe



Catalyst circulation pump



Manual re-fill point (incl transfer pump)



Static in-line mixer



Catalyst injection point



Flow meter and sensor



Air eliminator



Dosing pump in enclosure DMH 19-10, 90W motor, flow meter



Control panel



12



The Carbon Mitigation Solution, described above, enables bulk-volume fuel consumers to rapidly compensate for their environmental impact by apportioning direct (Scope 1) emissions from the combustion of fuel, while mitigating these emissions through the transfer of Natural Assets purchased via the Natural Asset Exchange, from internationally accredited and verifiable Carbon Asset generation mechanisms and projects.

Our bulk fuel storage tank gauging solution is an innovative system for monitoring the fluid level inside atmospheric tanks. The system detects the static pressure generated by the fluid height by means of a tube inserted in the tank and displays the fluid level or volume.

Supporting flow rates up to 90 l/min with an accuracy of +/- 0.5 %, our non-commercial fuel dispensing solution enables efficient management, monitoring and control of asset refueling.



Asset and / or driver tagging linked to intuitive software allows for the monitoring of dispensers, tanks, drivers and vehicles in real time. The dispenser features an electronic interface, AC pump, automatic nozzle, delivery hose and built-in water absorbing filter.

A local site server provides access to real-time dispensing and bulk tank level data. Local site data is periodically synchronised to our cloud based BI & Reporting system for consolidation of all site level telemetry.

Since the Bulk Dosing System records live telemetry, each client is provided with a customised reporting console affording authorised users a view of raw data & key indicators such as fuel volumes received / treated, fuel catalyst volumes consumed, Net Financial Benefit achieved, and more, presented in a Business Intelligence Reporting Dashboard. Live telemetry also caters for centralized alarm and reaction management.



13



Climate Neutral Fuel solution



Tank level graph



Tank levels 01 /03/ 2016 to 31 / 10/ 2016



20000 litres 16000 litres 12000 litres 8000 litres 4000 litres

0 litres



13,354 litres 13,743 litres 13,416 litres 12,533 litres 12,383 litres 13,870 litres 10,236 litres

19,305 litres



Mar 2016



April 2016



May 2016



Jun 2016



Jul 2016



Aug 2016



Sep 2016



Oct 2016



The overall value proposition and benefits of our climate neutral fuel solution can therefore be summarised as follows:

Y Reduced emissions during the combustion process and avoided emissions by using less fuel through deployment of an EPA registered combustion process enhancing fuel catalyst

Y Residual emissions mitigation and reduction in environmental impact through the purchase of



Natural Assets via the Natural Asset Exchange based on actual fuel volume consumed

Y Reduced overall cost of fuel purchases

Y Results in an on-going Net Financial Benefit of 5% or more

Targeting volume consumers of fuel represents a significant market opportunity for our Climate Neutral Fuel solution described above.



14



Gasification System

Gasification System



Methanization



Synthetic Natural Gas (SNG)



CO2



Coal Waste



Gasification and Gas Treating



The Syngas produced by this gasification process is a clean, dry, flexible fuel which can be

1. Burned to create heat and electricity,

2. Passed through any of several different catalysts to produce fluids such as alcohols and transportation fuels, including clean burning diesel, or

3. Used to supply pure hydrogen gas for multiple applications.

impactChoice has partnered with TCG Projects to provide the Carbon Mitigation



Solution described above to mitigate the actual emissions produced during the process, resulting in climate neutral energy products, when combined with our Carbon Mitigation Solution.

The Ceramic Industries Group is a leader in the design and manufacture of ceramic tiles and bathroom-ware. Founded in 1976, the Group operates six factories in South Africa, and one in Australia.

TCG Projects signed a contract with Ceramics Industries for the deployment of waste coal to Syngas & Power Generation solutions, as visualised above.



16



Waste-to-Energy solutions

Waste-to-energy is the process of generating energy from the primary treatment of waste materials, and is a form of energy recovery.



Coal Waste

Petroleum Coke

Oil / Residue

Biomass

Refuse-Derived Fuel (RDF)

Municipal Solid Waste (MSW)

TCG Projects (Pty) Ltd (tcgprojects.co.za), a strategic business partner, provides gasification plants capable of converting any carbon-containing feedstock such as biomass, coal, petroleum coke, or municipal solid waste into synthetic gas (Syngas), consisting primarily of hydrogen (H) and carbon monoxide ( CO).



Fuel Gas

Power Generation Chemical Conversion

Liquefaction

Methanization



Substitute Fuel for existing industrial boilers

Steam Electricity

Hydrogen, Methanol Ammonia, other chemicals

Transportation Fuels: Diesel, Jet, Gasoline

Synthetic Natural Gas (SNG)



15



We currently have 3 additional confirmed waste-to-energy project opportunities similar to the above, awaiting implementation, subject to the requisite funding becoming available, in collaboration with a major multinational provider of power generation equipment.

Future use-cases

The Natural Asset Exchange and the use of EARTH Tokens (EARTH) as the settlement currency, will allow everyone participate in environmental impact mitigation initiatives, allowing the market to grow organically and reach is massive potential. Below are just some potential use-cases. As IoT and Artificial Intelligence (AI) evolves these will explode into new areas we have not imagined yet!



Sharing Economy (AirBnB, Uber etc.)



Public transportation



Traditional B&B / guest house stays



Datacentres & ISP services



Blockchain transaction confirmation energy use



Movie / theatre / festival / theme park attendance



Personal electricity & fuel consumption



Food production across full supply chain



Restaurant / fast food purchases



IoT device energy consumption



Multiple industrial processes



Governmental service delivery



Industrial manufacturing across multiple industries



Aviation



Clothing manufacture and distribution



Vehicle manufacture, distribution, and use



Recycling industry



Marine transport and fishing



Breweries



Electronics manufacture, distribution, and use



18



The production of Synthetic Natural Gas in Gigajoules will be recorded via calibrated meters, with outputs recorded on the Natural Asset Exchange as irrefutable proof of energy generation.

Additionally, impactChoice will be providing our Carbon Mitigation Solution described above to ensure that the Synthetic Natural Gas delivered to Ceramics Industries is climate neutral.

Purchase of energy produced will take place via the Natural Asset Exchange using EARTH as the settlement instrument in a similar fashion as other



Natural assets, the only difference being in this case, that the asset production facility is directly connected to the client at a given geographic location.

Sufficient funding will enable us to establish a Project and Strategic Acquisitions Investment Fund team to merge financial expertise focused on due diligence, risk assessment, and financial modelling, with our technology and environmental sustainability solutions, and commercially-viable environmental ventures and initiatives, creating more demand for use of the Natural Asset Exchange and EARTH as the settlement mechanism.



Coal Waste



Gasification System



Gasification and Gas Treating



Methanization CO2



Synthetic Natural Gas (SNG)



Natural Asset Exchange Blockchain 17



Token Sale



Token name: Token ticker symbol:

Token type: Token sale start: Token sale duration: Minimum purchase:



EARTH Token

EARTH

Ethereum ERC20 Pre-sale: 17 November 2017 Sale: 15 December 2017

visit www.earth-token.com for more information.

90 Days

1 ETH / 0.04 BTC



Token stages and exchange rates Pre-ICO: 5200 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH (30% bonus)

3 Stage ICO each equal to 30 days, total 90 days: Stage 1: 4800 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH (20% bonus) Stage 2: 4400 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH (10% bonus) Stage 3: 4000 per 0.04 BTC / 1 ETH

Number of Tokens to be issued: Maximum 1 Billion EARTH



Funding Cap Tier 1:

34,000 ETH  Natural Asset Exchange development, deployment and company funding to support development and growth of public platform.

Funding Cap Tier 2:

68,000 ETH hard cap  Establishment of Project and Strategic Acquisitions Investment Fund and associated investments.

Funding Currencies: Ethereum (ETH), Bitcoin (BTC).

Security: Funds will be held using multi-sig wallets according to industry best practices requiring 2 of 3 signatories to release funds.

NB: The only trusted source of information related to this Token Sale will be the official EARTH Token



website (www.earth-token.com). No other information source will carry official information!

Any funding addresses publicly advertised should be considered 'scams'.

EARTH Tokens will be fully transferable and exchangeable, and will be listed on selected exchanges once distributed.

Token holders will be free to buy and sell EARTH Tokens once they are listed.

EARTH ownership does not give the owner any kind of share or equity or voting rights in impactChoice, or any future legal entities that may be incorporated as a result of the Token Sale.

Consequently, EARTH does not qualify as a security of any kind.



19



Token Allocation



The primary source for any information related to the EARTH Token Sale is this document, written in the English language. During our Token Sale marketing efforts this document, and the information contained herein, may be translated into other languages, at which time some of the information contained herein may be lost, corrupted, or misrepresented. As such we cannot guarantee any such alternative communications, therefore the provisions of this English language original document shall prevail in the event of any conflicts or inconsistencies.

This document does not, and should not be deemed to, constitute a prospectus of any sort or a solicitation for investment. No laws or regulations of any jurisdiction designed to protect investors were taken into account during the compilation of this document, therefore it is not an offer or solicitation to buy any form of security in any jurisdiction.

This document may contain forward-looking statements & information which involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties. As such, actual events or results may differ materially from any such possible forward-looking statements, be they expressed or implied.



Please note that the EARTH Token Sale is NOT being offered to citizens or residents of the United States of America or The Republic of Mauritius. The tokens have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), nor the Mauritian equivalent, and may not be offered or sold in the United States or Mauritius, or to, or for the benefit of US persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) unless they are so registered, or an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available, or the Mauritian equivalent.

One such exemption allows the resale of tokens purchased for their own account and for investment purposes only by investors who:

(i) are not otherwise affiliated with impactChoice,

(ii) have been exposed for some time to the economic risks that ownership of tokens entails, and

(iii) are not part of the distribution of the tokens. One such exemption allows the resale of tokens p u r c h a s e d for their own account and for investment purposes only by investors who:



50% Public



50% Private



3rd party service providers to Token Sale, Token Sale logistics and technology platform partner, founders, stakeholders, advisors, early contributors, EARTH reserve for liquidity, incentives to contractors and suppliers. The emission (vesting + cliff), shall be: 20% at time of distribution, thereafter 20% every 6 months until complete.



20



Application of funds

Although we have a number of solutions already deployed, we at impactChoice view this opportunity as the beginning of a long and fruitful journey for all our stakeholders. We are committed to ensuring that funding is committed to projects and initiatives that grow the Natural Asset Market, creating an environment that fosters continuous innovation and involves the broader global community. As we continue to add value and grow our market cap, everybody benefits.



Tier 1 funding will be applied to:

Provision development/deployment platforms and infrastructure for Natural Asset Exchange (NAE)

Resource development and solutions delivery teams to execute Go-to-Market (GTM) strategy for EARTH and NAE

Develop additional core systems capabilities for NAE Y Greenhouse Gas (GHG) auditing system Y Self-service on-boarding and

provisioning capabilities for small-tomedium enterprises (SMEs) Y Backwards-compatible porting capabilities for existing legacy systems clients



Establish Network Operations Centre (NOC)

Develop and launch global voluntary corporate Emissions Trading Scheme

Launch NAE 1.0 and execute global GTM strategy

Commercialise Climate-Neutral Fuel solution

Establish innovation and incubation centre tasked with developing and launching packaged solutions targeted at expanding reach and increasing EARTH transaction volumes



Tier 2 funding any and / or all of the following based on funding level achieved:



Extend platform capabilities by recruiting strategic partners and executing robust M&A

Y Acquire 3.5 Metric Tons of carbon credits from the Kariba + REDD project (carbongreenafrica.net) to be provisioned on the Natural Asset Trading Exchange

Y Acquire Energy Management Systems company (already identified)

Y Acquire identified Environmental Management Systems company and interface EMS ISO 14001 modules into core Carbon Mitigation Solution platform



Establish a Project and Strategic Acquisitions Investment Fund and team to manage and find opportunities for Investment Fund and Strategic Acquisitions

Fund 1st investment - Waste-to-Energy project

Establish a non-profit Foundation



21



Company Information



Organisation Name:

impactChoice Ltd

Legal Jurisdiction:

Ilse of Man



Registration Number:

012222V

Financial Year end:

1 July to 30 June



Date of Incorporation:

17 April 2009

Financial Year:

4th Floor, Exchange House, 54-58 Athol Street, Douglas, Isle of Man IM1 1JD



22



Executive Team & Advisors



A self-taught coder since the age of 14, he imagined, designed, built and implemented sophisticated environmental sustainability solutions at impactChoice, a company he co-founded in 2009.

The EARTH Token and NAE were to be the last project he worked on and an apt culmination of his life's work. He is sorely missed and his vision for a better world continues to live on in our hearts.



Angus Rowe

Co-founder, Chairman

In 1991 Angus entered the healthcare industry as CEO of "The Health Maintenance Organisation (Pty) Ltd" and by 1999 he had transformed the company into the LifeSense Group comprising four risk management companies.

Under his stewardship LifeSense Corporate Healthcare developed unique intellectual property for the purpose of HIV disease management solutions resulting in the company being awarded the "Top Disease Management Company" in South Africa for 5 years running.

Angus holds a Graduate Diploma in Company Direction from the Graduate Institute of Management Technology and has attended the Owner/President Management Executive Education course at Harvard Business School.



Peter Newell

Operations Director, Acting Financial Director

Peter has a strong background in financial services with a focus on customer service having spent over 10 years as the team leader of Corporate Advice and Customer Care teams.

Peter holds a BCom in Management from the University of South Africa and has completed the Leadership Development Programme from the Gordon Institute of Business Science.



Leonard Harley

Co-founder, Managing Director, Deceased December 2017

A natural problem solver with a `no challenge is too big' attitude, Len was driven to bring about positive environmental change through the development and application of technological solutions.

25



Allan Saunders

Marketing Director, Product Management Director

Allan is a seasoned product management and marketing professional with over 25 years of experience bringing leading-edge technologies to market.



He spent 10 years in Oracle and 5 years in Microsoft in various Product Management and Marketing roles, often leading initiatives to launch new flagship products and solutions.

He has been an integral part of the impactChoice team since 2011, driving Corporate Vision & Strategy, leading Product Development & Management initiatives and is responsible for Global Marketing.

Allan holds a Master's Diploma in Technology from the University of Tshwane and a Bachelor of Commerce Degree in Information Systems and Business Administration from the University of South Africa.



investments. Amongst other business interests he also provides crypto-currency and Blockchain consulting to those wishing to leverage this ground breaking technology.

Wes and Len can often be seen at social gatherings huddled in deep technical conversations regarding blockchain and crypto-currency technology.



Dennis Stone

Director - Renewable Energy

Dennis is a qualified Ceramic Technologist, spending the first 8 years of his career focused on developing heat resistant solutions for Ferrous and Non-Ferrous industries.

In 2007, he transitioned into the Energy sector, focusing mainly on Renewable Energy, where his solar businesses have installed in excess of 8000 solar thermal installations and around 4 MW of solar PV installations.

His success in solar thermal & PV has led to a focus on MicroGrid solutions, specifically the integration of Waste to Energy, Solar PV, Grid, Battery and Generator Backup projects to provide cost effective and reliable Micro-Grid solutions for a global market.



Suyash Sumaroo

Blockchain & Smart Contract Lead

Suyash is the co-founder of Codevigor, a Mauritian Startup specialised in the development of web, mobile and blockchain applications. He has more than 10 years experience in open-source technologies and has been working in the blockchain space for 3 years.



Wesley Carlson

Director of IT & Blockchain

Wes is a Bitcoin and Crypto-currency enthusiast having discovered Bitcoin in 2012. He immediately identified the potential of both blockchain technologies and cryptocurrencies to disrupt the status quo in virtually every industry.

He has been closely following the development of the industry ever since, and holds several cryptocurrency



Omwantee Moodoo

NAE Application Development Head

Omwantee (Asha) is the co-founder of Codevigor. She has over 10 years experience working as a software engineer and project manager in international companies including Infosys and Ceridian.



26



Gavin Knight

Advisor

Gavin Knight has worked in Bitcoin since 2013 helping raise VC funding, and providing research and advisory to Bitcoin businesses and decentralized projects.



Sam Yilmaz

Advisor

Sam Yilmaz served as the founder of BitAngels and managing partner of the DApps Fund which was the first fund to raise all its capital in crypto and invest only in projects with crypto.



Joeri Pross

Advisor

Joeri is the director of the premier video agency in the blockchain space, Hypercube. Hypercube videos have helped raise hundreds of millions in token sales. His strength is in marketing, branding and project management. Through the years, he has built an extensive network of contacts in the Bitcoin world.

He has a background in psychiatry, teaching, motion design and lives in The Netherlands, literally next to a windmill. He's married and has 2 daughters.



Jason Berry

Advisor

From 1996 to 2001 Jason and Len formed the Executive Management team at CiTEC (Pty) Ltd, an Internet Service Provider which Jason founded.

It was the first ISP in South Africa to implement a full Cisco MPLS VPN, first to successfully test and implement VoIP over satellite to Europe, and arguably the first ISP in South Africa to build a full multi-node high-speed meshed wireless network spanning the greater urban districts of Johannesburg and Cape Town.

Jason has a BSc Electrical engineering (Heavy and light current) from the University of the Witwatersrand and is also the holder of several patents.



26



Carrington Phillip

Advisor

Carey is presently the CEO of Moya Telecoms, a wholesale provider of undersea fibre-optic capacity. Previous positions include Managing Director of Smile Communications in Kampala Uganda, and Vice President of Regulatory Afrairs at Cox Communications, Inc., Atlanta, GA.

Over the last 12 months Carey has become increasingly interested in crypto-currencies and their relationship with law.

He holds a J.D. (Cum Laude) from The Howard University School of Law in Washington D.C. where he was in the top 10% of his class, and a Honours B.A. in International Affairs from Queens University in Ontario.



Maurice Crespi

Partner, Schindlers Attorneys

Maurice joined Schindlers Attorneys in October 1997 and became a partner in the firm in December 1998. He is an experienced legal practitioner and a highly experienced litigation attorney with several reported judgments in both the South African Supreme Court of Appeal and Constitutional Court.

He regularly provides guidance to boards of public and private companies, and gives lectures on recent developments in commercial law.



27



2



