Whitepaper v 2.2

THE BLOCKCHAIN-BASED SOLUTION TO THE GLOBAL HOUSING CRISIS



2



Contents



Disclaimer



Summary



1. 1.1 1.2 1.3 1.3.1 1.3.2 1.3.3 1.4 1.4.1 1.4.2 1.4.3 1.4.4 1.5 1.5.1 1.5.2 1.5.3 1.6



Business and market overview Overview of Housing, an old-fashioned industry The market The new housing model Community driven development Crowdfunding - a decentralised financing model A digital, blockchain based platform The core problems our model tackles Affordable housing Meeting demand Scaling innovation Re-aligning incentives How the blockchain underpins this new model What is the blockchain? What are smart contracts? What are tokens? Why society needs the ehab platform



2. 2.1 2.2 2.3 2.4 2.4.1 2.4.2 2.4.3 2.4.4 2.4.5 2.5



The Platform Ecosystem A new paradigm for affordable housing finance We uniquely enable affordable housing creation The platform modules Discovery Portal; being developed Q1 2018 Design Room; being developed Q1 2018 Crowdfunding Marketplace; being developed Q2/3 2018 Construction Tracker; being developed Q1 2018 ehab Wallet; being developed Q2/3 2018 The house building process



3.



The Token Sale



3.1



Token sale details



3.2



Funds distribution post token sale



3.3



Details of funds distribution



4. 4.1 4.2 4.3 4.3.1 4.3.2 4.4 4.5 4.5.1 4.5.2 4.5.3



Technical overview The blockchain Smart contracts The tokens EHB tokens EHP tokens Token economics Crowdfunding The current approach The ehab crowdfunding model Why ehab has a defensible niche



5. 5.1 5.2 5.3 5.3.1 5.3.2 5.3.3 5.3.4 5.3.5 5.3.6



The Company Strategy Business Model Growth Targets Roadmap Q1 2018 Q2 2018 Q3 2018 Q4 2018 2019 2020



6.



Team



6.1



Core Team



6.2



Advisors



7.



References



4

5

9 9 9 10 10 10 10 11 11 11 11 12 12 12 13 13 13

14 14 14 14 15 15 15 15 15 15 16

17 17 17 17

19 19 19 20 20 20 20 21 21 21 22

25 25 25 26 26 26 26 26 26 26

27 27 28 30

3



Disclaimer

This document is a technical whitepaper setting out the current and future developments of the ehab platform and it's ecosystem by EHABITATION LTD (ehab). This paper should be used for information purposes only. Unless expressly specified otherwise, the products and innovations set out in this paper are currently under development and are not currently in deployment. Ehab makes no warranties or representations as to the successful development or implementation of such technologies and innovations, or achievement of any other activities noted in the paper, and disclaims any warranties implied by law or otherwise, to the extent permitted by law. No person is entitled to rely on the contents of this paper or any inferences drawn from it, including in relation to any interactions with ehab or the technologies mentioned in this paper. Ehab disclaims all liability for any loss or damage of any kind (whether foreseeable or not) which may arise from any person acting on any information and opinions relating to ehab and the ehab platform contained in this paper or any information which is made available in connection with any further enquiries, notwithstanding any negligence, default or lack of care. The information contained in this publication is derived from data obtained from sources believed by ehab to be reliable and is given in good faith, but no warranties or guarantees, representations are made by ehab with regard to the accuracy, completeness or suitability of the information presented. It should not be relied upon, and shall not confer rights or remedies upon, you or any of your employees, creditors, holders of securities or other equity holders or any other person. Any opinions expressed reflect the current judgment of the authors of this paper and do not necessarily represent the opinion of ehab. The opinions reflected herein may change without notice and the opinions do not necessarily correspond to the opinions of ehab. Ehab does not have an obligation to amend, modify or update this paper or to otherwise notify a reader or recipient thereof in the event that any matter stated herein, or any opinion, projection, forecast or estimate set forth herein, changes or subsequently becomes inaccurate. Ehab, its directors, employees, contractors and representatives do not have any responsibility or liability to any person or recipient (whether by reason of negligence, negligent misstatement or otherwise) arising from any statement, opinion or information, expressed or implied, arising out of, contained in or derived from or omission from this paper. Neither ehab nor its advisors has independently verified any of the information, including the forecasts, prospects and projections contained in this paper. Each recipient is to rely solely on its own knowledge, investigation, judgment and assessment of the matters which are the subject of this report and any information which is made available in connection with any further enquiries and to satisfy itself as to the accuracy and completeness of such matters. Whilst every effort is made to ensure that statements of facts made in this paper are accurate, all estimates, projections, forecasts, prospects, expressions of opinion and other subjective judgments contained in this paper are based on assumptions considered to be reasonable as of the date of the document in which they are contained and must not be construed as a representation that the matters referred to therein will occur. Any plans, projections or forecasts mentioned in this paper may not be achieved due to multiple risk factors including without limitation defects in technology developments, legal or regulatory exposure, market volatility, sector volatility, corporate actions, or the unavailability of complete and accurate information. Ehab may provide hyperlinks to websites of entities mentioned in this paper, however the inclusion of a link does not imply that ehab endorses, recommends or approves any material on the linked page or accessible from it. Such linked websites are accessed entirely at your own risk. Ehab does not accept responsibility whatsoever for any such material, nor for consequences of its use. This paper is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or located in any state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be contrary to law or regulation. This paper is only available on www.ehab.co and may not be redistributed, reproduced or passed on to any other person or published, in part or in whole, for any purpose, without the prior, written consent of ehab. The manner of distributing this paper may be restricted by law or regulation in certain countries. Persons into whose possession this paper may come are required to inform themselves about and to observe such restrictions. By accessing this paper, a recipient hereof agrees to be bound by the foregoing limitations.

4



Our Mission

 Decentralise and democratise housing development;  Offer real choice for people at the lower price brackets of the housing market;  Offer liquid property investments: through our tradeable ehab tokens;  Lower the risk of crowdfunded property investment: with our unique portfolio

investment approach;  Offer a unique token investment opportunity: in a moment where ICOs are

dominated by pump and dump utility token schemes, we offer differentiated value through asset-backed tokens;  Build a tool which can enable the democratic creation of liveable smart cities; and  Solve the global housing crisis.

5



Our Vision

The main aim of ehab is to solve the global housing crisis. This will be achieved by transitioning the residential house building sector from a centralised, unsustainable, profit driven sector. To one which is led by people. To one which maximises human well-being, minimises impact on the environment and allows for a more equitable distribution in the financial gains of housing. Solving the global housing crisis is not as simple as building cheap housing. It has to be a holistic approach which enables thriving sustainable communities to emerge and flourish.

Ehab is the digital framework to make a decentralised housing system a reality.

The Individual: For individual people or families this means giving, you the customer, choice over how your house is designed. It means providing you with clear information about the costs and benefits of certain house types, so you can make the best decision for your future in that house. We intend for the platform to remain useful even after the development process has been completed. To continue to deliver value the platform will be adapted with modules, developed by in house developers and external companies. These modules will add huge amounts of extra functionality to your dashboard and with internet of things (IoT) can turn a normal house into a smart one. Concurrently we will look to release a secondary marketplace for the growing number of IoT housing upgrades, the management of these will be run through modules on your ehab platform dashboard.

The Community: On the neighbourhood scale this means groups of people making collective decisions about things which will affect them and their families. This is direct democracy and the blockchain is the perfect way to facilitate this process. We don't expect this direct democracy to stop at aesthetic decisions though. Once you have been introduced to the possibilities of modern housing through the platform we expect the community to want more. Community oriented modules could unlock microeconomies - e.g. for local food production and trading, or micro-energy grids where users can more cheaply share excess energy. If households within the community all possess IoT devices the data from this could be collated and analysed for community wide benefit.

The City: The creation of new cities will eventually have to happen. The human population is rapidly urbanising and rising sea levels could see the many low lying cities made uninhabitable in the next 100-200 years. A city is an incredibly complex entity of needs and different incoming and outgoing resources. But we now know more than ever about what makes a liveable urban environment and what makes a poor one. Many of our current cities fall into this secondary category just because of the historical and cultural evolution they have been through. Any future city must meet the needs of its inhabitants, and enable them to flourish, whilst also allowing for citizens to have an equitable say in how it is developed and it's continuing evolution.

The ehab platform in the first instance gathers the requirements from the potential inhabitants and start to build a database of different needs. This data could then be integrated with the most up to data about the best percentage of urban green spaces, the ideal width of cycle paths, the optimum heights of tram pathways etc. With this combination of data the platform could be enabled with artificial intelligence (AI) to make design decisions, at the base level about where zones could be placed or where wind turbines could be place in accordance with common wind direction. But eventually, with the guidance of human designers and master-planners, it could present a 3d masterplan of an entire city. It would know all the needs of the people and have all the information collated from around the world about what currently makes the optimum city.

The platform will still be being used by individuals and communities as a payment mechanism, a mechanism for direct democracy and micro-grid management. The tool could be used for people to propose citywide initiatives, digital improvements, physical improvements, art projects or events and then crowdfund the capital requirements for these projects. The AI functionality could be scaled. The AI could be upgraded to effectively monitor payment flows and identify cost savings. It could help broker energy deals between various microgrids to create a collection of microgrids which help balance the inflow and outflow of renewably generated energy. It could manage the public transport system, or the network of autonomous cars.

All of this would be recorded on the blockchain, and every inhabitant, young or old, could scroll back through the history of ehab to the day the first home was built on the platform, all the way through to the day the first crowdfunded city was democratically financed and built.

6



Our Traction

We've already built collaborations with two significant housing developments, giving us a testing bed for developing our platform, securing our first project pipeline and generating revenue. With only these two projects we have all the properties we need to develop to be profitable for the first 4 years of our operations. We are still in the process of working out deals for projects with 3 other organisations and will continue to gain more as we progress forward. Project pipeline: Bromford Lab - creating innovative solutions for social housing

Bromford is a housing association which manages 28,271 homes across the UK. One of the leading housing associations for pursuing innovative management and development processes. We have partnered with Bromford to create completely new ways of delivering social housing in the UK. They are aiming to build 5,300 homes in the next 5 years and we intend to support this goal.

Cambridge Norwich Tech Corridor - large scale project over a decade

The tech corridor project has garnered 500 million of investment:  To create 24,000 new jobs  To build 20,000 new homes This project is focused on creating high tech jobs and building on what are already thriving tech scenes in the cities of Cambridge and Norwich, therefore a high-tech method of housing delivery is complimentary with the aims of the project. To support this project ehab will be a primary partner in helping deliver the 20,000 new homes in a completely new, digitally enhanced way. Total project pipeline: 25,300 homes + large, currently unknown amount of commercial floorspace.

7



Our Platform

The platform is the blockchain based system which will decentralise the creation and financing of urban environments. Using a combination of blockchain and other technologies the platform collects demand data, automatically matches users to housing projects based on this data, empowers a group of total strangers to co-design a project and reach consensus. It then facilitates the build process where we can make time and costs efficiency savings for the build process and we provide the funding environment for these projects through global and borderless crowdfunding. The platform collects detailed housing demand information from people wanting and needing housing. This information is used to automatically match you to relevant developers and projects in the areas you want to live. The platform dynamically updates the information about both supply and demand meaning we can accurately address inefficiencies and improve housing supply from a position of complete knowledge over what is needed. When a project is formed the users in that project are able to take design decisions about their own homes, and are empowered to collectively plan the housing project via blockchain based voting systems to reach a consensus on the neighbourhood's designs. These designs are then drawn up and adapted by housing specialists to create a project many times better, and more tailored to the people who will actually live there, than any project a developer could produce alone. Our layers of smart contracts cut costs by automatically sharing necessary information with project stakeholders based on different rules and criteria and through the automation of payments. This is just part of the digital project management system which helps developers, save time, money and translate plans into houses on the ground. Using this system has several benefits for developers from reducing payment delays to having complete traceability of materials. All the information from each project, including reviews and other qualitative data is then hashed and stored on the blockchain, so that anyone may view, audit or learn from the data associated with that project. The platform uses tokens which interact with the smart contracts to allow for the seamless transfer of value between stakeholders in a project. These tokens also offer investors around the world the opportunity to invest in these new innovative projects and receive returns using a token system which gives them a liquid and asset backed income. This platform is modular and is therefore intended to be upgradable to accommodate the continuous evolution of housing and urban development and so we can continue to add value to our users and the network.

8



1.



Business and market overview



1.1 Overview of Housing, an old-fashioned industry



A great home can enable you to have a great life, while a bad home can be crippling. Poor housing comes with considerable physical and mental health implications, which have compounding negative effects. (1, 2) This is no small problem, the pattern of poorly aligned incentives, unaccountable middle-men and a lack of affordable financing options can be seen equally in high-income and low-income countries. This is a global issue which has persisted for too long.



1 in 4 humans currently live in informal settlements and 1 in 8 live in slums, that is an indication of just how poorly the current model of housing delivery is performing. (3,4)



For the majority of human history the evolution of housing kept pace with our other technological developments. Hunter gatherers lived under the stars or in caves, farmers lived in wooden huts and as cities emerged larger stone buildings were constructed. With the emergence of cities so too did inequality emerge, some people could live in lavish palaces whilst some had to settle for very poor conditions, with no way of escaping them.



The industrial revolution brought enormous prosperity for many, but utter squalor for more still. It is at this stage that the worst of modern housing was built. As cities rapidly swelled in size developers saw an opportunity to make a huge amount of money erecting the cheapest housing they could possibly build, which seriously compromised quality. This pattern of swelling cities and migrating rural poor has continued around the world. 54% of people now live in cities globally and this is only set to rise. (5) All around the world developers seize the opportunity of building the cheapest, lowest standard housing possible, and sell it to people arriving with no other choice but to pay for it. (6)



The problem is: people have had almost no say in how their homes are built. They are typically passive observers, buying or renting the housing that is provided or was available on the market. If affordable housing continues to be built in the same way then we are condemning another generation of people to being trapped in a cycle which has been persisting since cities first came into existence. All the evidence suggests that building housing without the including the voice of the community doesn't produce the type or quality of housing that's needed.(5-9)



This doesn't have to be how the story continues. Outside of the mainstream construction industry, the world has progressed at an astonishing pace. Through breakthrough technologies in computing, robotics, cloud, AI and now Blockchain, industries have been re-inventing their blueprint for doing business, unlocking unprecedented returns and benefits.



This era of accelerating innovation has translated into specific techniques to improve housing construction, such as precision building strategies and new sustainable materials. However, with access to financing creating high-barriers to entry, the housing industry has had little incentive to change. The result is the industry largely still uses the same building methods developed a century ago and relies on clunky, expensive legacy computing systems, or even using paper based methodologies to deliver projects.(11)



Through enabling trusted digital payments and distributed ownership, blockchain has the power to break through these barriers to entry. With ledger technology going hand-in-hand with innovative process to manage and monitor housing construction, blockchain can be the vehicle to bring much-needed disruption to this dated industry.



We have an opportunity to give people frustrated with the with the current system a new alternative.(12) All it takes is a platform that puts the community at the center and gives people the power to build their own futures.



The ehab platform is that platform.



1.2 The market



Currently 330 million households, globally, live in substandard housing or are financially stretched by housing costs.9 This is estimated to grow to 440 million households by 2025, which will affect roughly 1.6 billion people. This is primarily fueled by the rapid migration of people to cities, currently 54% of people live in cities but this will rise to 66% by 2050. (13)



The investment required to close the affordability gap, including new building and renovating existing structures is between $8.8-$11 trillion. The global opportunity for investment in new affordable units by 2025 sits at roughly $2.3-2.9 trillion dollars. This is therefore the size of our total addressable market. This equates to between $200-

9



$250 billion in revenues annually. (9)

Global affordable housing is an under-served market, but we have chosen key markets to focus on in our first 3 years of operation.

Deficits in Key markets:

 UK: 107,110 units per year (14)  USA: 7.4million units in total (15)  Brazil: ~5.45million units in total (16)  Germany: 1.5 million units required by 2021 (17)

In total to satisfy the demand for urban living, around 1 billion new homes will need to be created by 2025. This consistent global demand for new affordable urban areas is a considerable opportunity.

1.3 The new housing model

Ehab is a blockchain based platform which decentralises the development and financing of residential property. Our platform creates an ecosystem that puts collaboration at the center and allows any number of stakeholders to co-create the housing they need and can afford.

1.3.1 Community driven development

Community driven development is a big differentiator within our unique approach: individuals, organisations, schools, local government or even whole cities can co-create projects. They can then use our crowdfunding tools to connect with both individual and institutional investors from around the world to fund new housing developments. Empowering home buyers and the local community to finance housing reduces the risk in housing financing, while ensuring that housing is built that actually matches with community needs.

In community-led housing, home buyers gain a big say in the design of their house. Homebuyers have the best understanding of their personal needs, and by giving them a voice, we ensure housing is built that people want. We also create a mechanism for the needs of the wider community to be factored into new developments. By connecting homebuyers together in developments for multiple-units, they can come together to take design decisions that bring mutual benefits. For example, by agreeing to allocate land to develop a shared green space.

1.3.2 Crowdfunding - a decentralised financing model

Crowdfunding is a proven alternative model for housing finance. Platforms, such as Impact Housing which has raised $260m since it's inception in 2001, have demonstrated the willingness of people to make property investments through crowdfunding.

We structure the ehab platform to encourage investors to develop a portfolio of affordable housing investments. With a low minimum investment threshold, investors can easily diversify risk while receiving higher returns than they could get from the bank. Developers in turn get access to a cheaper source of financing, creating an obvious win-win.

Through blockchain, we offer transparency into the construction process that other platforms cannot guarantee. However, most importantly, we offer investors liquidity through tradable investment tokens.

Our model also takes a local investment first approach. Community members who are connected to the project get first refusal to participate as owners, before we open up to our global community. This approach ensures that the existing community can receive a financial reward from the development should they wish to participate, preventing big players from just immediately swooping in and investing huge sums in the project.

1.3.3 A digital, blockchain based platform

Blockchain is the enabling technology in our new model. Through digital payments, transparency and enforceable decision-making processes, blockchain is the most effective technology for managing a decentralised housing system and to enable large scale crowdfunding as the primary financing mechanism of this new system.

Traditional platforms don't scale well to manage multiple projects and stakeholders. Delays in payments and verification of progress quickly cascade, which in turn push up costs and slow down project delivery. Through transparent and automated processes, blockchain scales housing development and financing. More people can participate, financing becomes cheaper and community-centered affordable housing gets built.

10



We are creating a modular platform that can be adapted to what the community needs, and have ambitions to scale this globally, regardless of the project size, stakeholder mix or housing design.

1.4 The core problems our model tackles

 Affordable housing is chronically under-supplied globally  The construction industry is unable to meet housing demand  The construction industry is unable to innovate and evolve to meet these challenges

The world needs to build 1 billion homes by 2025 to meet the growth demand of cities. The current system for building housing is speculative and profit driven, with the majority of the gains going to the largest developers and banks. There is no incentive for them to build affordable housing, or housing which is actually beneficial for people. In fact because they primarily control supply, a continual undersupply of housing actually sees their profits rise. This undersupply is also linked to the boom-bust cycles of banks, who are the primary source of development finance. When times are good, higher end, more profitable homes get built, when times are bad development becomes contracted. This continually creates an undersupply of affordable housing, which is the most in demand form of housing across the globe. Through misaligned incentives between people who need housing and people who build housing, the development of our cities will continue to be expensive, poor-value and unsustainable.

1.4.1 Affordable housing

A lack of affordable housing negatively impacts people's lives in many ways. Housing which is within financial reach is often located in isolated areas, cutting people off from the benefits that many of us take for granted living in a city. This includes education options, jobs, healthcare, access to food.

This forces many people to make housing choices that they cannot afford, which impacts their lives by requiring them to make spending cuts in other areas. In worst case scenarios, as has been well-documented in the global rise of gentrification, it prices people out of their communities and forces them to move elsewhere. This cycle of dispossession and relocation breaks apart the foundation of lively bustling cities, and turns them into anonymous places filled with empty apartments.(2)

1.4.2 Meeting demand

Housing availability impacts housing affordability beyond lower price brackets, affecting middle income earners as well. For a housing sector that is driven by profit and not by community need, the best returns are made on luxury units. Worse, these homes are often the the second or third home a person owns, leading to many cases where houses are bought and never used as a lived-in home.

It is clear that the incentives of the housing industry are not aligned to meeting the demand and needs of community. While affordable housing is desperately needed, luxury housing is built that often ends up unoccupied. This lack of a realistic pathway onto the property ladder puts a serious stranglehold on social mobility. Middle and lower middle income earners can't afford to purchase housing that meets their needs, and young professionals can't afford to move out of their parents home or flatshare.

At the basic level of matching people to affordable units, the market is failing to meet demand. However, this is just a superficial description of the depth of a person's needs when they look for housing. In reality people want a lot more than simply a unit that is affordable. People have deep underlying preferences in the size and shape of the property and internal layout. For example, a couple who cares for an elderly parent will have very different needs than a family with three young children.

With the exception of bespoke, purpose built luxury housing, the home buyer's voice is completely ignored during the design and construction phases of the property. This has created a situation where the housing industry is incentivized to build housing which is unaffordable to many, and ignorant to the actual needs of the eventual buyers.

This model is clearly broken.

1.4.3 Scaling innovation

While there have been little visible differences in the quality of the majority of new constructions, the pace of innovation within housing construction has been rapid. There is a vibrant ecosystem of companies developing cheaper, more affordable, more sustainable, modular, and more customisable forms of housing. The core problem is that while breakthrough innovations exist, they have not been scaled.

11



The Modernethods of Construction industry, MMC as it is termed, has serious potential, and significant capacity to grow rapidly to radically improve the quality of built housing. However, the primary reason MMC has failed to scale is because the housing development industry have had little incentive to adopt their techniques.

Mainstream Developers are seeing record profits, in spite of their persistence in using 30 year old building techniques. While MMC techniques could give huge benefits to the home buyer, the developer has no reason to change the recipe. This leaves us in a frustrating situation where misaligned incentives once again prevent progress.

1.4.4 Re-aligning incentives

Our digital platform re-aligns the incentives for house building through one simple, but powerful change. Ehab creates projects that are community-led not developer-led. By connecting home-buyers together and giving them a voice in design and construction, projects get built that meet people's needs. People who want affordable housing can come together on the ehab platform, where we bring the developers to listen to their needs.

Through providing unique access to a cheaper source of development financing, we create new incentives for developers to engage with the community. Through access to a committed community of homebuyers invested in co-creating the housing of their dreams, we also give developers the opportunity to work on lower-risk projects. We bring them the customers, we bring them cheaper financing and we become able to fundamentally change the incentives of housing construction.

Co-created housing leads to better designed housing, delivered at a price point that is affordable to the community. By giving the community the voice in the design project, not only do they get housing that matches their needs, but they can also choose to build housing through sustainable MMC techniques. It empowers people to invest in growing their communities and offers an antidote to forced relocations through a lack of affordable alternatives. It creates new incentives for developers to innovate and connect with their community, in order to access cheaper, lower-risk and therefore, more profitable projects.

The result is a fairer housing system that rewards innovative developers and delivers better housing at all price brackets.

1.5 How the blockchain underpins this new model

Blockchain enables us to re-align incentives and create a fairer, decentralized model to scale affordable housing.

1. Our transparent, auditable governance framework creates the trust communities need to collaborate

2. Smart contracts enforce fair voting to ensure the community voice is heard 3. Smart contracts automate payments for performance, reducing project delays 4. `Tokenized' investments create liquidity for investors through a secondary market

A critical ingredient to decentralised and community-led housing development is trust. If homebuyers, developers and investors do not trust each other to act fairly and fulfill commitments, the collaboration cannot get off the ground.

Under the traditional model of housing development, developers have used tactics to paint a public-facing image of community engagement. Community members are invited to comment on proposals and submit feedback. However, the developer is then trusted to listen to that feedback and incorporate it into design decisions. With no transparency and no binding commitment to fulfill this promise, it is predictable that community voices get lost in the process.

Ehab is explicitly community-first, and we guarantee this through transparent records of key decisions on the blockchain. We sell communities a proposition where they will dictate the design process of new developments. With the logic of decision making processes baked into smart contracts that are stored on the blockchain, communities can trust that the decisions they articulate will have an impact. In fact, they can even audit the process whenever they wish, to confirm that their voice has been fairly taken into consideration.

Once a project is formed and milestones are set, we are also able to use the power of smart contracts to radically speed up the pace of construction. Site delays in a complicated construction process quickly cascade, eroding time, and also budget as pre-contracted equipment still has to be paid for. By setting clear project objectives and funding milestones, we can automate payments from investors to contractors as the homes are developed and eliminate this inefficiency.

12



A final core differentiator vs. traditional crowdfunding models for development finance, is that we can offer genuine liquidity to investors. While we will provide strong incentives to investors to park their money and reap above-market returns, we will also offer a secondary market for investments. By creating tradable `tokens', that allow investors to buy in and out of specific project investments, we can offer the convenience of liquidity because of the blockchain.

1.5.1 What is the blockchain?

Blockchain is a type of distributed ledger or decentralized database that keeps records of digital transactions. Rather than having a central administrator like a traditional database, (think banks, governments & accountants), a distributed ledger has a network of replicated databases, synchronized via the internet and visible to anyone within the network. Blockchain networks can be private with restricted membership similar to an intranet, or public, like the Internet, accessible to any person in the world.

1.5.2 What are smart contracts?

Ethereum is an open blockchain that works as a decentralized computer. It allows the execution of smart contracts. Smart contracts help you exchange money, property, shares, or anything of value in a transparent, conflict-free way while avoiding the services of a middleman.

1.5.3 What are tokens?

Tokens embody a tradable good, and can be used within smart contracts to make payments or transfer assets. As tokens are digital they can have a near limitless extension to their features, as opposed to simply making payments, or transferring value. It is this flexibility and their frictionless transfer which makes them so revolutionary.

1.6 Why society needs the ehab platform

The current housing model is broken. When I refer to the current housing model I am talking about the globalised, privatised model of house building which is deployed in every urban area in almost every country in the world. (18) This system has led to a serious undersupply of affordable housing and there is no incentive in the system to change this. (7) With this current system affordable housing is inadequate and adequate housing is almost always unaffordable.

Of course housing affordability is completely different in the UK vs Nigeria, but it is the ratio of average house prices to average wages which is the metric for affordability. If an inhabitant spends more than 30% of their income on housing then that makes that housing unaffordable as they often have to make spending cuts in other areas of their life just to stay in their home. (9)

People could work with small developers to build adequate affordable housing with innovative housing technologies but there is simply no access to finance for these groups. The housing that does get built is built to maximise space and profit, so it's small, lacks green space, lacks a community and in general does little to tackle social isolation.

Collectively these issues are bad for people's physical and mental wellbeing, the environment and ultimately the structure of our, now global, society. The worst part is, there is no other choice. The poorly built expensive product of volume housebuilders makes up the majority of new housing completions and there is currently no clear alternative.

1 in 4 humans currently live in informal settlements and 1 in 8 live in slums, that is an indication of just how poorly the current model of housing delivery is performing. (3,4)

A complete overhaul of the system is needed to create a housing system which can actually support the people, and growing cities, of this planet. We have designed the ehab platform to be the start of what will of course be an ongoing and evolving process. We aren't going to solve the housing crisis instantly, nor will issues surrounding cities and housing ever truly be solved as new problems will always spring up. However, we know that through technology, we can create a platform which helps people all around the world come together to tackle the similar issues they face, and share these solutions with others around the world.

13



2.



The Platform

Ehab is the first crowdfunding platform for people-led affordable housing on the blockchain. We use the power of reputation systems to create trusted networks that brings together the community, developers, buyers and investors to accelerate the construction of affordable housing. We enable liquid property investments, through our tradable ehab token, that allows investors to cash out early and enjoy equity growth, and we uniquely eliminate risk through our portfolio investment approach. Through a scalable, modular framework, we open the doors for tech developers to adapt and grow this platform. Together we will create a new future for affordable housing development and finance.

Ehab is on a mission to:

 Decentralise and democratise housing development;  Offer real choice for people at the lower price brackets of the housing market;  Offer liquid property investments: through our tradeable ehab tokens;  Lower the risk of crowdfunded property investment: with our unique portfolio

investment approach;  Offer a unique token investment opportunity: in a moment where ICOs are

dominated by pump and dump utility token schemes, we offer differentiated value through asset-backed tokens;  Build a tool which can enable the democratic creation of liveable smart cities; and  Solve the global housing crisis.

2.1 Ecosystem



2.2 A new paradigm for affordable housing finance

While crowdfunding has enabled breakthrough innovations in other industries, such as consumer goods, it has had limited impact on affordable housing because:

 Investments have not been liquid, locking precious cash into projects with no definitive ROI horizon;

 Platforms have charged excessive commission fees on equity profits;  Arduous onboarding processes have deterred both developers and buyers; and  Platforms have not been able to access and propose affordable housing projects ehab facilitates affordable projects with trusted partners, slashes onboarding through automation, gives investors liquidity and eliminates excessive fees through a secure blockchain-powered platform.

2.3 We uniquely enable affordable housing creation

Co-creation housing models, that put community needs first, have led to breakthrough sustainable projects around the world. While this model has demonstrated results, it has failed to scale because:

 The industry is too complex for non-specialists;  Strategies to scale collaboration are too time-consuming;  Access to finance for co-created affordable housing is non-existent; and  People aren't aware of the benefits this model can bring.

14



The ehab platform designs collaboration into housing development with the community at the center. Our bespoke tools are designed to help partners discover each other, make fair and transparent decisions and collaborate to finance projects. It is a huge differentiator for ehab vs. other crowdfunding housing platforms, and one that we believe will allow us to uniquely deliver a commercially-viable way to scale affordable housing.

2.4 The platform modules

The ehab platform delivers the complete environment for every key stakeholder to come together and deliver affordable housing. ehab is the only crowdfunding platform that puts community collaboration first. It is entirely powered, and made auditable, by the blockchain, tokens and smart contracts.

2.4.1 Discovery Portal; being developed Q1 2018

When homebuyers, landowners and developers join ehab, they meet each other through the Discovery Portal. By matching collaborators according to their needs, we find the missing pieces of the puzzle to break ground on new projects.

This module increases the demand for ehab tokens (EHBs), by growing the available pool of potential house buyers, who need to purchase them.

2.4.2 Design Room; being developed Q1 2018

This is where projects really get under way, sparks fly and new ideas are shared and formed. Homebuyers get to communicate more detailed design information about their dream homes, while developers can upload plans and initial sketches to gather feedback. We use blockchain to govern transparent and fair voting rounds, allowing the group to collaboratively come to a shared vision of design that meets the community's needs.

This module contributes to the value of EHBs, by effectively managing the planning stage of the project and pushing the project towards the fundraising stage where large amounts of EHBs are required.

2.4.3 Crowdfunding Marketplace; being developed Q3 2018

Projects that have achieved consensus in the Design Room graduate to listing on the Crowdfunding Marketplace. Smart contracts then generate new ehab property tokens (EHPs) that are tied to the project and can be bought by investors. Local investors get priority access to new opportunities, before the offering is open to our global crowdfunding community. Through our powerful network in institutional finance, unsold allocations are sold, ensuring no project is stalled by slow financing. Homebuyers are offered fair mortgage terms and get access to innovative alternatives in shared ownership. All agreements are documented and secured by ehab's smart contracts and stored on the blockchain.

We are the only crowdfunding platform that tracks contractor reputation on the blockchain. We transparently create risk indicators that enable investors to see how contractors have performed on previous projects, allowing them to make balanced portfolio investment decisions.

This module increases the demand for EHBs, by facilitating the investment into the project using EHBs as the facilitating token.

2.4.4 Construction Tracker; being developed Q1 2018

Once funded, contractors will collaborate with service providers to bring the project to life. So that project backers and homebuyers can keep tabs on progress, developers will use the Construction Tracker to share updates with the project ecosystem. Smart contracts will be used to govern and incentivize timely construction, triggering payments to release against project milestones.

This module increases the demand for EHBs, by buying and selling EHBs at various times throughout the project lifecycle to pay for certain aspects of the project.

2.4.5 ehab Wallet; being developed Q2 2018

Once users have purchased tokens and made investments, we give them all the support they need to maximize returns. Through the ehab Wallet, users get intelligent portfolio management tools, allowing them to quickly check in on payback rates and returns to their project tokens.

A core benefit of our blockchain-powered crowdfunding platform, is that we offer

15



liquidity to our investors. They can use the wallet to cash out or trade, creating powerful diversification options by allowing users to spread their tokens across multiple project developments. This module increases the demand for EHBs, by making accessing, selling and buying them incredibly frictionless. 2.5 The house building process

Homebuyers meet and discover partners to form a new housing project.

All key decisions and actions are recorded in the blockchain.

The group selects developers and start to design their dream homes.

Developers produce detailed plans and file for planning permission.

The project is published on the platform and crowdfunding begins.

Once funding target is reached, the developers build and develop the project.

Homebuyers leverage project deposits to get a bank mortgage and repay the crowd.

The crowd wins profits and homebuyers move into their dream affordable home.

16



3.



The Token Sale

3.1 Token sale details

The ehab token sale, will issue ehab tokens (EHBs) during the sale period. These tokens are application tokens which can be used in the platform ecosystem or sold on any of our partnered exchanges.

We will be selling 50% of the tokens in this TS (and pre-sale) and ehab will retain the remaining 50%. Tokens not sold in the sale will be frozen and ehab will only use them to maintain liquidity and, if needed, to run another TS for funding expansion.

 We have selected a hard cap of 75,000 ETH  There will be a maximum of 4,502,000,000 EHB tokens possible  2,251,000,000 EHBs will be available over the course of the sale.  The ehab pre-sale will commence on the 9th of February 2018 at 12:00:00 GMT  This pre-sale will close on the 18th of February at 23:59:59 GMT  The main sale will commence on the 1st of March 2018  The TS and pre-sale will remain open for a full 81 days  The sale will close on the 31st of April at 23:59:59 GMT

Sale Stages:



Start Date 09/02/2018 13/02/2018 19/02/2018 01/03/2018 01/04/2018



Duration 4 days 6 days 10 days 31 days 30 days



1 ETH 30,000 EHB 26,000 EHB 22,000 EHB 20,000 EHB



Bonus 50% 30% 10% 0%



We will sell ehab tokens in exchange for ether. This ether will be used to fund the development of the ehab platform and provide liquidity for the first projects.

3.2 Funds distribution post token sale



First Project 15%



3.3 Details of funds distribution

First Project

For the first projects being organised through the platform we will look to co-fund the land and development with the help of other financial partners, and realise the profits from this. We have decided to do this for two reasons. The primary reason we have allocated this funding is to be a catalyst for our first flagship projects. These projects will be a huge source of marketing material and publicity for our platform so therefore we wish to kickstart these with an injection of company capital. The second reason for allocating this funding is because of regulation. The crowdfunding feature of our platform will be launched once we have been regulated by the Financial Conduct

17



Authority (UK) who we are already in talks with. Therefore in order to make progress before this happens we want to use private investment to develop projects.

Wages for Team

In order to develop this project into a business we need to pay our core team salaries. Our core team will be developing the platform, seeking new development opportunities, onboarding new developers into the platform ecosystem, seeking large flagship projects and getting as many people to join our movement as possible. See team section 6 on page 25 for more information.

A quick breakdown of the roles:

 CEO - to manage business, grow partner base, seek flagship projects and be the face of the company

 CTO - Experienced tech lead to manage the two sides of the platform functionality and to assist with other specialised tech roles

 CFO - A construction and finance industry expert to provide due diligence on deals and work closely with developers and landowners on deal structures

 Front end developer - To develop the key front end platform functionality  Back end developer - To develop the key back end platform functionality  Blockchain developer - To fully integrate smart contracts and blockchain into the

platform  Sales lead - To effectively assist CEO onboarding partners and CFO seeking

development opportunities. Later to focus on bringing exciting flagship projects with CEO  Marketing Intern and eventually team - up to a team of 4 marketing personnel who can effectively position our brand and assist with growing our network and movement  On demand talent - rather than hiring new staff full time for specific roles we may employ people on a contract, or ad hoc on demand basis. These costs will be included in this budget area.

Expenses

This part of the budget covers general overheads such as office space, travel expenses and external contractor fees for due diligence abroad. In order to build a strong development pipeline we will have to travel around the UK to do due diligence on land and pay others to do due diligence abroad, depending on size and importance of the project. We intend to minimise this cost in the first year by focusing on the local market of the UK where we will become regulated first.

Marketing

As crowdfunding is a core function of our platform and fundamental to becoming a decentralised ecosystem we wish to designate a large part of the budget to getting our message out there. To truly disrupt the current system we will need help along the way and the more people we can get excited about this project, then the more impactful it will be on the housing system and the future.

Tax Budget

VAT is a UK tax charged on most items sold by businesses. Our ehab tokens are no exception and therefore we will have to pay HMRC in fiat currency for any tokens purchased by UK & EU citizens. The standard rate of VAT is at the time of print, 20%, we therefore are allocating this total as a budget. However we don't expect all tokens to be bought only by UK and EU nationals and therefore this total will be calculated after the sale and reduced if necessary.

18



4.



Technical overview

The ehab platform is an ecosystem which facilitates the seamless flow of value, in the form of currency and services, between various actors in diverse markets. This system is itself an open and auditable governance framework which empowers individuals to harness skilled service providers in a trusted environment.

The system has been designed to be modular and is therefore flexible to scale, evolve and react to any future technological improvements, regulatory changes or other unforeseen changes that could impact the housing sector.

We are developing the web applications in the following technologies:



This will be packaged in Docker containers and deployed by Kubernetes on Google Cloud. This is to ensure a flexible and elastic system setup that can grow or shrink depending on needs and usage.

We are developing the mobile applications in the following technologies:



We are developing the smart contracts in the following technologies:



Web3 (for python, java, javascript or just RPC depending on where we are calling from)

4.1 The blockchain

Blockchain technology is responsible for the trust which is absolutely necessary for the decentralised housing system we are proposing. It records all the important agreements, transactions, deliverables and can use smart contracts to automatically execute these. This transparency and auditability creates the trust which is necessary with a more complex housing sector. The biggest gains are made with the financing of housing through blockchain, it enables global crowdfunding to occur at a fraction of the cost and ina way which capital can move freely in and out of projects, ina way it has never been able to do before. By hashing the details of projects a permanent record is kept of development which can be particularly useful for any disputes over quality of the build.

The trust and transparency have the most accentuated benefits in markets where fraud is more common. These markets often have higher than necessary development loans for this reason. Our system can help tackle these issues and make development more affordable in the markets that need it most.

4.2 Smart contracts

Ehab's smart contracts provides the fabric for the platform, automating many

19



processes including payments and radically reducing the need for parties to trust each other as it is simply impossible to defraud the system. Tey play a vital role in increasing the efficiency of the housing process and are imperative to the decentralised housing model.

4.3 The tokens

The mechanism for achieving a flexible market is the dual token system (EHBs & EHPs), both tokens are distinct in nature and usage. EHBs can move freely in and out of the platform and into exchanges, EHPs are uniquely issued for each development and are therefore backed by the asset they represent. They have a very limited supply and have different attributes corresponding to the associated project.

4.3.1 EHB tokens

An ehab token (EHB) is an ERC20 access token issued during Ehab's token sale (TS). This application token allows people to make use of the platform's collaborative housebuilding ecosystem. As a homebuyer you can start a project by paying land reservations fees and your deposit in EHBs. As an investor EHBs allow you to buy any of the newly minted EHPs, from the crowdfunding module, and therefore invest in these properties. EHBs do not represent equity in the company nor any rights to financial payments. In the internal platform exchange EHB tokens are required to purchase EHPs.

Once the token sale has been completed EHBs will be tradable on partnered exchanges. This will mean the price of the token fluctuates with demand. The more projects available for homebuyers or investors to get involved with the more the EHB value will rise. When purchasing EHPs in the crowdfunding module the fiat value of the EHBs will determine how many EHPs you can purchase.

We want to encourage users to hold their tokens so that the value of the token can remain stable or rise.

EHB value comes from:

 More EHBs = Higher deposit and therefore greater amount of money you can borrow to build

 More EHBs = Greater number of investments and greater return

Added benefits may include:

 EHBs held for longer time = Better rates on any monthly repayments  EHBs held for longer time = Tiered reductions on platform fees  EHBs held for longer time = The greater your voting power on platform voting

decisions  More EHBs = Access to higher reward tiers

Ehab may use a percentage of profits to repurchase ehab tokens from the open market at the prevailing market price, therefore the value of the token should be positively correlated to the success of the project.

4.3.2 EHP tokens

The ehab platforms internal tokens, Ehab Property tokens (EHP) are backed by an asset, will be issued on a per development basis (each development will have a distinct token) and their value is digitally connected to, and representative of, the interest rates from the development loan provided by the investors. They will be made available for sale to local investors first, then the global pool of crowd investors and then any remaining EHPs may be sold to appropriate financial institutions to plug any funding gaps and make sure projects don't stall.

New EHPs will be issued every time a new project is created. For example a project in the UK has a total cost of 250,000, there will be 25,000 EHPs issued, making the minimum investment 10. If an investor puts in 1000 pounds worth of EHBs at the start of the project they will receive 100 EHPs. The interest rates for the loan are 5% and are coded into the tokens. Therefore their value reflects this. The project takes 12 months and the home buyers have bought their finished houses for a total of 300,000. The investor with 100 EHPs is automatically repaid in EHBs to a value of 1050.

EHPs are then retained by the homeowner after purchase. However they can be used for part ownership schemes or as collateral against another loan. For some affordable part ownership schemes they may be bought by a pension fund and held so that a low interest affordable rent can be charged to the homeowners. The power for these types of deals lie with the homebuyer and will always be available should they need them.

20



4.4 Token economics

The market cap of our tokens is the value pool our properties can receive crowd investment from, this is one of the main features of the platform and a driver of our own revenue stream. As an organisation we are therefore tied to the fortune of our token value, both from a financial standpoint and a mission standpoint. Tokens are used on the platform at their market value, so a rising token value will see a users purchasing power in the platform rise too. It is in both our interest and the interest of the decentralised housing system's participants to see the value of the EHB tokens rise.

Whenever a new project is started on the platform new finance will flow in from home buyers paying their deposit for the project and the investors in the project buying EHBs to invest, raising the demand for EHBs and it's price. As the project is developed tokens will be sold to pay for the development, bringing the price of the tokens down, but in the process creating new value in the real world, in the form of a house or houses. At this stage the home buyer will leverage their investment in the project to get a mortgage from a bank at the agreed price of the now built house. This will be between a 15-30% profit margin depending on many factors. New money will therefore flow into the token value pool at a predictable rate with every new project. This increase in value could be sustained simply by undertaking the same number of projects each year, but we of course intend to rapidly scale the number of projects we start and complete each year.

As free-floating tokens, EHBs will fluctuate according to the external market who can buy and sell the tokens separate to the activities occurring on the platform. Whilst we do expect their to be noise and some degree of volatility for the tokens value, the constant act of funding houses will see the general trend of token value grow in a predictable fashion.

4.5 Crowdfunding

Crowdfunding raised $34.5bn in 2015. Set to rise to $300bn by 2025.

Property crowdfunding is 10% of this market. And the sector that brings in the biggest profits.

4.5.1 The current approach

Existing players within crowdfunding concentrate on buy to let business models. The platform raises finance to buy property then lets it out, making a return over time with the intention of possibly selling that asset many years down the line. Without a way to offer liquidity to investors however, cash has ended up locked into these projects.

Emerging platforms that have taken crowdfunding for property onto the blockchain have also focused on this niche, and solved this part of the problem by `tokenizing' investments into properties. This allowed investors to trade in and out, and exchange value.

While this has definitely been a step forward, the value of investment still typically has a long maturation rate. In addition, in the event of a sale, these, platforms retain excessive commission rates. For investors this means that they have a long wait until they get paid, and when they do, the platform will be taking a big slice of the action.

21



Buildcoin is a US marketplace financing solution for the construction industry, the ehab platform is a complete solution to the global housing crisis, and benefits stakeholders at every level. 4.5.2 The ehab crowdfunding model We solve that problem by offering development finance on the blockchain. With a maturation rate of just of just 6-24 months, we're able to quickly get returns to our investors. By offering this service on the blockchain, we're able to create liquidity and introduce transparency into construction. By crowdfunding this stage of property development, we're able to solve a financing problem for non-mainstream construction and in turn incentivize developers to build affordable housing designs that have been co-created by our community. No other crowdfunding platform is using blockchain to create these incentives.

The investor discovers the ehab platform and buys EHB tokens

They browse project profiles and are able to review timelines, risk and profitability

Once they have chosen to invest they use EHB tokens to purchase project specific EHP tokens

Ehab works with institutional investors to top-up projects that aren't fully funded

Once funding targets are hit, the developers break ground and are paid from the EHP sale

Homebuyers pay back crowd investors through a bank mortgage or direct monthly payments

22



4.5.3 Why ehab has a defensible niche By focusing on development finance we get the power to influence which projects are built. Focusing on the purchase of affordable housing, addresses financing for existing homes that are already on the market. It doesn't get anywhere near the underlying core problem that we need to increase the supply of affordable housing. While others have also made the link between blockchain and development finance, they are designing their platform with the construction industry at the center (such as buildcoin). We are designing ours with the community at the center, which gives us unique access to local homebuyers and local investors. With an engaged community of people excited to design and purchase their dream, affordable, home, alongside a community of people willing to help them buy their home, we are uniquely aligning incentives to win over developers. Building affordable housing makes sense for communities, and with a pool of home buyers excited, and able to buy, it also creates a market that has serious economic rewards for developers. By creating the right economic incentives we can use blockchain to scale affordable housing. We can influence the design of housing stock which uses best practices in modern methods of construction, which is quicker to build out and in turn gets quicker returns back to our investors. In a crowded marketplace of ICOs raising money for digital platforms that depend on an unproven hypothesis of value creation, we offer asset-backed tokens to our investors. Early adopters who invest in our ICO, alongside crowdfunding investors once we scale, are purchasing asset-backed tokens that will always retain some level of value. Even if on of the housing projects fail the land can be resold, the returns from which will be passed back to investors. This is a differentiated value proposition for crypto-investors who have recently made money in what is an incredibly volatile market. An investment in ehab tokens is a smart way to diversify your portfolio with asset-backed tokens that deliver both economic and social impact returns. We own this niche and we are ready to scale.

23



24



5.



The Company Strategy

We have agreements signed on two flagship development projects here in the UK, placing us in an ecosystem of partners delivering 25,000 homes over the next few years. This is incredibly significant and because of this we will focus on creating the discovery portal, design room and construction tracker modules first. These modules will cater to the needs of these large projects in the first instance and help us push the project forward. Concurrent to this development and testing we will seek crowdfunding regulation, which whilst not essential for the operation of the platform. Will give noninstitutional investors the ability to invest in innovative projects and share in the profits from these developments.

Ehab has a defensible niche in crowdfunding for affordable housing. This is what sets us apart:

 We are the only platform focused on co-creating housing with the community  Our community-first approach allows us to create fresh demand for housing

This gives us the power to pre-sale units and massively de-risk investment for developers We offer development financing at competitive rates to other platforms

Crowdfunding for property is a fast-growing market in which we offer clear differentiated value. We improve on existing alternatives by offering cheaper development financing to contractors, and by using blockchain to offer liquidity to investors. We are the only platform focused on the market segment for affordable housing. By cocreating affordable housing with the community, we give investors and contractors an opportunity to build housing that has already been designed and bought by the local community.

5.1 Business Model

We are commercialising our niche through two core revenue streams:

 Commission structure on funding raised through the platform  SaaS fees paid by service providers

The typical crowdfunding model hits investors for three sets of fees. An upfront fee ranging between 1-5%, management fees of up to 10% on rental income, and profit share fees of up to 15% once the property is sold. With the focus of most platforms on financing to purchase properties, investors are also often left waiting for up to 7 years to see the promised return.

At ehab we believe the profits should be the investors' to keep, and that's why we massively simplify this fee structure, by charging one small commission on funds raised through the platform. Service providers will be charged minimal transaction fees for using the automated platform services. They may also pay a monthly SaaS fee to expand the number of services and features available to them.

5.2 Growth Targets



Y1



Platform 7.15m Investment



Houses



65



funded



Investors required



3,575



Y2 16.m 150 8,250



Y3 99m 900 49,500



Y4 594m 540 297,000



Y5 3.6bn 32,400 1,782,000



There is a bottleneck in development financing for smaller developers, and with an estimated 1.8 million households on waiting lists for affordable housing (in England alone), there is huge unmet demand.(19) After 2 years of conversations and investments in creating relationships with our local housing ecosystem, we're confident that we already have the partnerships in place to establish a beachhead market.

The core challenge we face when it comes to scale is to make the completion and management of projects as efficient as possible, so that we are able to scale our labour and oversee sufficient projects to hit profitability. When we look at the breakout stars of crowdfunding, such as Kickstarter, we see the design of scalable processes to manage many projects as integral to the success of the company.

This token sale will allow us to make the investments in digital tools that we need, to unlock this efficient pathway to scale. We are also going to do this in a way which adds

25



differentiated value to the user. Existing crowdfunding platforms are onerous to use, and require extensive onboarding and vetting processes for new users. In contrast, we will use strategies for automation, and reputation systems to trim these processes considerably. As developers continue to use our tools, our requirements for due diligence will decrease as we track reputation and project histories. This will speed up process and increase the team's capacity to manage more projects.



We see platforms such as Impact Housing as an achievable benchmark for what is possible in crowdfunding for property. Since launching in 2001, Impact Housing have raised $260mn. In a moment where money is flooding into Crypto, and where savvy investors who have made high returns from rapid increases in valuations (market cap of $2 billion grew into $610 billion in 2017), we see ehab as an attractive asset-backed token for diversification. With this in mind, our targets for our 5 year plan are perfectly achievable.



With agreements signed to join a coalition of developers for the 20,000 home Cambridge Norwich Tech Corridor development, and to develop innovative ways to support 5,300 new units of social housing with Bromford housing association, we are well on our way.



5.3 Roadmap



5.3.1 Q1 2018



The token sale will offer people the opportunity to become part of and support the ehab ecosystem. The funds raised in the sale will allow development and recruitment to begin over this time period, the rate of this will be determined by the success of the Pre-Sale and Main sale. As soon as the pre-sale is over development will start on the three modules which will be deployed with our flagship projects. The Discovery portal, the Design room and the Construction tracker. We have already begun the process of FCA crowdfunding regulation which will be granted by the end of 2018 to coincide with our release of the crowdfunding module. This process will be managed by Michael Williamson who has navigated this process before. There are no regulatory restrictions on any of the other modules on our platform.



5.3.2 Q2 2018



The 3 modules for the platform MVP will be being built, tested and iterated, ready to be trialled with our flagship projects. We will be working closely with the Cambridge Norwich tech Corridor project (20,000 homes to be developed) to create the features of the platform geared towards large scale, long term development projects. As well as working with Bromford, an innovative, UK based affordable housing provider (~28,000 homes under its management) to focus on facilitating affordable housing (5,300 homes to be developed). Close to the end of this quarter we will begin to develop the ehab wallet and crowdfunding marketplace modules to coincide with ehab being regulated for crowdfunding.



5.3.3 Q3 2018



We will continue making key partnerships across the world and seek flagship projects for when the full platform is released. The MVP will have provided huge amounts of information and feedback for the tech team, especially as the projects start to deliver homes. We will aim to get the first full release of the platform ready, with projects/ investment opportunities, for people to be involved with by the end of this quarter. Over this period we anticipate we will be regulated by the FCA for crowdfunding activities.



5.3.4 Q4 2018



We will have gained regulation in the UK and will continue exploring partnership opportunities worldwide. The crowdfunding module for the platform will be released and users can raise finance for their projects and investors will have the opportunity to invest their ehab tokens in projects. At this time we will begin to explore regulation for the other key markets of the USA and Brazil. We intend to seek flagship projects in these markets for 2019.



5.3.5 2019



Focus on delivering projects in key markets, developing a much larger ecosystem of partners (financial and property related) and release many new modules to improve the functionality of the platform for both first time users and those who have built a house through the platform. Continue to improve the performance of the construction tracker and design room modules based on incoming usage statistics from on going project.



5.3.6 2020



Launch worldwide with projects in multiple emerging markets.



26



6. Team

6.1 Core Team

Currently all team members are operating on a part-time basis. Once the token sale is completed we will hire from within the existing team for a full-time core team.

The roles we will hire for immediately after the token sale (depending on its success:  CEO  CTO  CFO  Back-end developer  Front-end developer  Blockchain developer(s) (the number of which will depend on budget)  Head of sales  Marketing Intern(s) (the number of which will depend on budget)

Josh Graham - CEO

Josh has helped manage 2 charities operating on a city wide scale for the last 2 years. He is the founder of ehab and has been involved in the property industry at varying levels ever since. He has been invited to speak at several events about the intersection of property and technology.

Filipe Moura - CTO

Filipe has been developing software for 20 years, with experience in finance, telecoms and social enterprises. He started the first 3d printing company in Brazil. For the last 3 years he has worked for Avaaz, the world's largest digital activism platform, where he concurrently managed multiple large teams of up to 20 developers.

Michael Williamson - CFO

Michael has a long and successful career working in executive positions at a number of large organisations, such as CFO of Cushman & Wakefield and Buro Happold (both global engineering and construction firms). Michael has experience working on large scale residential developments across europe gained during his time at Atlas Estates. Michael has recently started working with startups, specifically those related to fintech & crowdfunding, to raise seed rounds and Series A funding. He has also successfully navigated the FCA crowdfunding regulation process.

Renan Kruger - Blockchain

Renan is a former financial products expert and banking compliance officer in Brazilian credit markets, with a passion for cryptographic and blockchain technology. Renan holds a degree in industrial engineering from Federal University of Rio Grande Do Sul.

Andr Feijo Meirelles - Blockchain

Andr is a software engineer and agile coach, passionate about new and better ways of building software, innovative practices and disruptive technologies. With 5+ years of experience developing digital payment platforms, he believes blockchain has the means to build not only revolutionary business models, but also to steer market dynamics towards assuring a fairer share for all players in the global arena.

Joao Telo - Blockchain Developer

Although the youngest of the team Joao has already been programming for 5 years. He started working with fullstack web development about 3 years ago. He has been working with blockchain technology for the last year and it is a new found passion of his.

Daniel Adornes - Blockchain

Daniel holds a Master's degree in Computer Science and has worked as software engineer since 2005, with a broad experience in software development for a diversity of sectors such as the Brazilian Government, banking institutions, social media mining for marketing and public relations, among others. Currently, he focuses on exploring the full potential of big data, machine learning and possibilities arising from blockchain.

Juliano Lazzarotto - Blockchain Business Developer

Even though Juliano is a business developer, he'll always be a software developer at heart. Betting high on singularity and the robots/AI revolution, he helps companies to nurture projects far and beyond industry 4.0. Building and scaling solutions on

27



blockchain are a fundamental piece of this revolution. Former DBA and CSP, strategically driving business direction to future with great enthusiasm and hope is his bias.

Fausto Vanin - Solutions Architect

Fausto is a developer and entrepreneur. He is the founder of POX and is a founding partner of the Brazilian blockchain academy. He has been developing blockchainbased solutions for the last two years and regularly leads workshops and discussions on blockchain innovation in South America.

Ricardo Oliveira - Blockchain

Ricardo is a homegrown blockchain enthusiast, Ethereum fan, and is in love with IoT. After more than 17 years working with technology, the perfect storm of mixing BigData, artificial intelligence (AI) and blockchains has arrived. Ricardo sees this as an incredible opportunity for the world to change for the better. During his professional life, his focus has been in IT for Financial & Telecommunications Services. He is particularly experienced in enterprise architecture and complex project management, especially when it comes to banking, risk management, ALM and compliance.

Aaron Fickling - Brand Positioning and Design

Aaron Fickling is a brand strategist and designer. Since graduating from The UCL Slade School, Aaron has pursued his comtemprary art practice showing in and curating exhibitions internationally, and at the same time working as the creative design lead for numerous high-profile brands in the UK. His focus is to create strategies and campaigns that reach customers of higher value. Aaron is co-creator and director of the Brand and Communications Consultancy, ALL is FLUX.

Michael Stiff - Brand Positioning and Marketing

Michael Stiff is a video marketing consultant with over a decade of experience in the film production industry. His passion for storytelling and putting customer-engagement at the heart of the highly targeted marketing campaigns he creates makes Michael a true asset to the team. Michael is co-creator and director of the Brand and Communications Consultancy, ALL is FLUX.

Richard Patey - Digital Marketing

Richard Patey is an internet entrepreneur who invests in online assets, both businesses and cryptocurrencies. Richard has built and sold two profitable web businesses and is the host of the Freedom Flipping Podcast. He found success online by focussing on marketing funnels and understanding buyer psychology. He is the 2017 top 10 affiliate marketer globally for the leading funnel software company, Samcart. Richard was also the marketer behind the success of the equity crowdfunding campaign for Extremis Technology which raised over 280,000.

6.2 Advisors

The advisors have key contacts, experience and skills which we will need to draw on to become successful. All advisors have joined because they support and believe in the vision of the project.

Andrew Graham - Strategy, Scaling and Recruitment Advisor

Andrew has over 30 years of Financial Services and Technology business expertise. He has significant experience working at Board level and dealing with all levels of investors. He is now on the board of Mediatonic, Zegami, Movement Strategies and Howdy, while also an advisor to OSI (Oxford Science Innovation).

Previously COO of Blippar, one of a small number of Technology "Unicorns" in Europe. He is also a Trustee and Treasurer of MDUK a leading UK Charity and between 2011-15 was an Advisory Board member of NWBF, the largest regional investment fund in the UK. He has also held senior roles at Bank or America, ABN AMRO and Deutsche Bank. An accountant, Andrew has a degree in Economics from Manchester University.

Linn Clabburn - Crowdfunding, Project Finance & Infrastructure Advisor

Linn has worked as an Investment Analyst with the Low Carbon Innovation Fund and has a background in environmental management, engineering and manufacturing with experience working in markets worldwide, including China. Her recent associate role at Adapt Cocoon Equity saw her part of the team developing this UK-China Investment Fund, building an investment pipeline and analysing investment proposals. She is now the business development manager for the Cambridge Norwich Tech Corridor project

28



in which she will oversee the investment of 500 million pounds to create 24,000 jobs and 20,000 new homes.

Fabio Moura - Legal Counsel

Fabio has 14 years of professional experience in the Legal, Strategic Consulting and Diplomatic fields, working with international contracts and engineering, construction and infrastructure projects, as well as in technology and innovative projects, both in law firms and companies in Brazil and in France, in development consultancy in Africa (D.R.Congo and Cameroon) and in the Middle East (Abu Dhabi) and at the Council of the European Union (Brussels).

Member of the United Nations experts group in Infrastructure and Development - UN InfraDev Project, of the American Society of International Law, the United Nations Association-France, the London Chamber of Arbitration YAG, the Stockholm Chamber of Commerce and of the Swiss Arbitration Association. Professor of the Superior Diplomatic School of So Paulo.

Michael Lenis - Real Estate & US Market Advisor

Michael Lenis' passion and expertise in the real estate industry has been strongly supported by the diverse experiences he has achieved in other industries like marketing, import and export, distribution, licensing, travel, and conservation over the years. He is a South Florida Miami native and known for the great qualities in the delivery of his services including his real estate market knowledge, financial wit, developments, as well as his cultured spirit, which have earned him the respect and more importantly the trust from his loyal clients all over the world.

Lenis' high level of professionalism, exposure, and proficiency in 3 languages (English, Spanish, and Portuguese) supported him to build an influential international network and opportunity to travel to over 26 countries. Today, Lenis is recognized as a leading, trusted and qualified Real Estate Liaison in South Florida and globally, a reputation built on his success in the industry.

Thomas Disley - UX & Innovation Strategy Advisor

Thomas is a social entrepreneur and innovation strategist. He has developed this expertise through founding two start-ups, as well as consulting with startups, multilaterals and governments. He has won international recognition through awards from the D-Prize, the MECATE Public Entrepreneurship Fellowship and the Data Science for Social Good Fellowship. Tom frequently lectures on social innovation at The New School, Parson's and NYU, and his work has been spotlit by geekwire, TechCrunch and Fast Company.

Patrick Morselli - Global Expansion Strategy Advisor

Patrick is exceptionally strong at go-to-market execution to exploit global opportunities. He designed and executed expansion strategies into 50+ markets globally: first at Uber, where he led launches in Europe and Latin America, and then at WeWork, where as Head of Global Expansion he achieved 10X scale.

Dr Jane Thomason - Blockchain Social Impact & Emerging Markets Advisor

Development entrepreneur and innovator who has built her own company, and merged with Abt Associates in 2013. Dr Thomason has led the growth of Abt Australia to achieve a tripling of revenue and diversification into governance and women's empowerment across Asia and the Pacific. Jane has been a leader of a wide range of development programs globally, regionally and in Australia, Asia and the Pacific. She has also held senior appointments including Director of Women's Health, CEO of the Royal Children's Hospital, Chairman of the Wesley Hospital Board.

Jane is a thought leader in the applications of blockchain technology to solve non-fintech problems. She is a frequent commentator and blogger on blockchain and social impact and in 2017 has spoken at blockchain and disruptive technology conferences on social impact in London, Washington, Silicon Valley, Port Moresby, Jakarta, Singapore, Ottawa, Sydney and Brisbane. She has published peer reviewed articles in 2017, on blockchain and climate finance and the poor and on blockchain as an accelerator for women's and children's health. She is an advisor to several blockchain startups with applications that solve global problems, and is currently working on several blockchain POCs in emerging markets. She was a judge and mentor at London Blockchain Week, London Fintech Week and the Consensys Blockchain for Social Impact Coalition Hackathon. She is an advocate for the education and empowerment of women generally and #WomeninBlockchain. Jane was recently appointed to the Advisory Board of the British Blockchain Association.

29



7.



References



1.



Physical Health - Key Issues, Chartered Institute of Environmental Health



http://www.cieh-housing-and-health-resource.co.uk/housing-conditions-and-health/



key-issues/



2.



Report of the special rapporteur on adequate housing as a component of



the right to an adequate standard of living, and on the right to non-discrimination



in this context, 2017, Leilani Farha - Special Rapporteur to the United Nations.



https://documents-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/GEN/G17/009/56/PDF/G1700956.



pdf?OpenElement



3.



Slum Almanac 2015/2016: Tracking Improvement in the lives of slum dwellers,



UN Habitat, https://unhabitat.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/02-old/Slum%20



Almanac%202015-2016_EN.pdf



4.



Habitat III Issue papers: 22 - Informal Settlements, 2015, UN habitat. https://



unhabitat.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/Habitat-III-Issue-Paper-22_Informal-



Settlements.pdf



5.



United Nations - Habitat III, 2016, New Urban Agenda http://habitat3.org/the-



new-urban-agenda/



6.



T., Archer, I., Cole, 2016. Profits before volume? Major housebuilders and the



crisis of housing supply.



7.



RIBA, 2011, The case for space.



8.



HomeOwners Alliance, 2017, The HomeOwner Survey 2017. 9. http://hoa.org.



uk/catalogues/homeowners-survey-2017/index.html



9.



McKinsey Global Institute, 2014, A blueprint for addressing the global



affordable housing challenge. https://www.mckinsey.com/global-themes/urbanization/



tackling-the-worlds-affordable-housing-challenge



10.



Kurzweil. R, 2001, The Law of Accelerating Returns. http://www.kurzweilai.net/



the-law-of-accelerating-returns



11.



Agarwal, R., Chandrasekaran, S. and Sridhar, M., 2016, Imagining



construction's digital future. https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/capital-projects-



and-infrastructure/our-insights/imagining-constructions-digital-future



12.



Ipsos Mori Omnibus Survey of 2016 commissioned by NaCSBA



13.



World Urbanization Prospects, 2014, United Nations: Department of Economic



& Social Affairs https://esa.un.org/unpd/wup/Publications/Files/WUP2014-Report.pdf



14.



Modular Construction in UK Housing An Overview of the Market, the



Players and the Issues Pinsent Masons Research, 2017, Pinsent Masons http://



constructingexcellence.org.uk/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/graham-robinson-



pinsent-masons-14022017.pdf



15.



The Gap: A Shortage of affordable homes, 2017, http://nlihc.org/sites/default/



files/Gap-Report_2017_interactive.pdf



16.



Scaling up affordable housing supply in Brazil: The `my house my life'



programme, 2013, UN Habitat



17.



Housing policy in Germany: Changing direction, 2017, Deutsche Bank Research



https://www.dbresearch.com/PROD/RPS_EN-PROD/PROD0000000000450490/



Housing_policy_in_Germany_-_Changing_direction.PDF



18.



Real Estate 2020: Building the future, 2014, https://www.pwc.com/sg/en/real-



estate/assets/pwc-real-estate-2020-building-the-future.pdf



19.



Why we need more social housing, 2011, Shelter, http://england.shelter.org.



uk/campaigns_/why_we_campaign/Improving_social_housing/Why_we_need_more_



social_housing



30



