Connecting 480 Million Small Farmers to the Global Economy

The Decentralization of the Food Supply Chain Has Begun

WHITE PAPER

2017

 Copyright 2017 eHarvestHub Inc. All rights reserved.

1



Table of Contents

From Our Founder Alvaro Ramirez - Why I Started eHarvestHub?............................................................ 3 MISSION ....................................................................................................................................................... 4 Let's Get an Idea of the Market Size ........................................................................................................... 6 THE PROBLEM .............................................................................................................................................. 7

The Middleman Obsoleted by Technology..............................................................................................8 THE FARMER ......................................................................................................................................................8 THE TRUCKER ...................................................................................................................................................10

SOLUTION .................................................................................................................................................. 11

FARMER ...........................................................................................................................................................13 TRANSPARENCY THE STEP BEYOND TRACEABILITY.........................................................................14

THE TRUCKER ...................................................................................................................................................15 HELPING TRUCKERS MEET THE THREE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS THEY WANT ....................16

BLOCKCHAIN  The Only Way ................................................................................................................... 18 EHH TOKEN  OUR PREFERRED CURRENCY .............................................................................................. 18 WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME? .............................................................................................................................. 19 EHH TOKEN DISTRIBUTION........................................................................................................................ 19 Exchanges .................................................................................................................................................. 25 Initial Coin Offering (ICO) .......................................................................................................................... 25 Pre-ICO ....................................................................................................................................................... 25

FUNDS IN ESCROW ..........................................................................................................................................26

ICO.............................................................................................................................................................. 27

FUNDS IN ESCROW ..........................................................................................................................................28

ROADMAP .................................................................................................................................................. 30 TEAM.......................................................................................................................................................... 32 ADVISORS ................................................................................................................................................... 35

2



From Our Founder Alvaro Ramirez - Why I Started eHarvestHub?

In 2011, I met Rick, a small strawberry grower, who told me he feared he was going to lose his crop because he couldn't find a buyer in time. It didn't make sense to me why a buyer would have not been lined up knowing months' ahead harvest was coming but as I spoke to more farmers it was a problem small farmers, regardless of geographic location, constantly face. This problem is not limited to countries like the United States, Nicaragua, Colombia, Barbados, Indonesia, and China to mention a few. As the problem persisted in my discovery, I understood what need to be done. The last farmer, of the 136 I spoke to, said to me: "Alvaro, say you give me website where I can sale my fresh food to a grocer, no middleman. How do I move it? That is part of what my middleman does and if I ask him just to help me move the product I sold without his help, he will simply say, `you go figure it out on your own." And the next time he won't want to buy from me just to try to teach me a lesson. So, now I sold it but can't move and I ruin the relationship I already had.

I decided I need to talk to truckers. My brother Carlos loves trucking and has always been an independent trucker, both in the United States and back home, in Nicaragua. After saving money and taking out a loan he purchased his eighteen-wheeler and had his own business doing what he loved. But because he is always on the road, he has no time, nor the funds to market himself forcing him to work for a broker to keep his truck making money. That was until a broker stole all his earnings and forced him into bankruptcy. It hurt to hear my brother's pain as he shared his story with me but through that and fighting stage four cancer he is back on the road. I talked to more independent truckers and they all agreed, if they could get rid of the broker they would. "After all, I didn't buy my truck to work for someone else" one of them said to me.

The food supply change has many challenges and just introducing new technology doesn't solve the problem. Farmers have owned their land for generations and want to know you will be there long term, you must earn their trust. You see, every time someone wants to improve the supply chain the cost gets past down to the farmer and truckers but no one is willing to pay higher prices for our food. Telling a farmer and a trucker to adopt new technology is like telling a starving person about becoming a millionaire when the only thing in their mind is where is the next meal coming from. While farmers and truckers want increased efficiency, care and support food safety and transparency cost is a major barrier. The supply chain needs a radical change. It needs to be turned upside down. You must take care of the farmer and trucker first to radically decentralize the food chain. This is where eHarvestHub and Blockchain made sense. A platform that gives a small farmer and trucker the same power as a large supplier or carrier and its decentralization technology protects them at the same time. The layers of middlemen in the food chain will tell you that Blockchain is only good for food tracking nothing else. I don't agree. Its distributed ledgers can protect small farmers and truckers from non-payment among other things. This is

3



eHarvestHub powered by Blockchain technology, a level playing field were small farmers and independent truckers perform like large suppliers. We help small farmers and truckers make more money while our food becomes less expensive and there is waste is minimized. Our business model reflects this radical change. Geared towards helping our farmers and truckers make money first, our flat fees are minimal as we focus on transaction volume. Our customers make money, we make money. It's that simple. The first years I bootstrapped the company and my developers worked late hours of the night on top of their +80 hour jobs. Since 2013 we have won more than 10 pitch competitions. In 2016, we received $1 million dollars from Tim Draper's VenturesLab Fund and Kaiwu Capital to develop our software and we accomplished it. VenturesLab is also an OKCoin early investors. Now we are fundraising to grow and expand. Join the radical change  there is strength in numbers and the Status Quo doesn't like it.

Tim Draper

Thank you for choosing to contribute in our crowdfunding campaign. Together we can give small farmers from around the world a seat at the table of the Global Food Chain, something that was reserve for the food conglomerates. eHarvestHub powered by Blockchain will make everyone an equal player. Let's do it together. You can reach me at Alvaro@eHarvestHub.com if you have any questions. I look forward to you joining us.

MISSION

CONNECT SMALL-TO-MID SIZE FARMERS WITH TRUCKERS DIRECTLY TO HELP THEM INCREASE THEIR PROFITS

Farmers and truckers cultivate and transport the food we eat, yet they make the least amount of profit while we, consumers, pay high prices for our food. Our immediate goal for eHarvestHub is to help small farmers and truckers across the globe increase their profit while making food more accessible and less expensive. We can achieve this with eHarvestHub marketplace powered by Blockchain protocols and smart contracts that removes the multiple layers of middlemen and the need of human involvement in food safety verification. Our long- term goal is to enable consumers to directly contribute in small farmers around the world using our platform and cryptocurrency.

4



Let's start with food transparency. Imagine, a consumer in the United State or Germany purchases at the local grocery store Mangoes grown by a small farmer in Colombia and likes the quality and taste of the Mangoes. By using the Blockchain technology, the consumer can learn about the farmer's production, yield, revenues, and access to market through eHarvestHub as well as other data points that show her how she and other consumers could contribute with cryptocurrency in this farmer or any farmer anywhere in the world. She is now can have a direct impact in her food, the future of the farmer, his family, and employees. Creating a true decentralization of the food chain. We can unleash the potential, together we could make reduce the financial control conglomerates have on our food chain.

Let's now look at statistics. With the world population expected to grow to over 9 billion by 2050 and the fresh food industry expected to reach around $2,000 billion in revenue by 2019; small farmers and independent truckers already growing 60 percent and transporting 90 percent of the fresh food production respectively are becoming more critical to feed the world's population. To help farmers increase their profit, we are not only giving them the tools to electronically maintain and make them available to grocers their food safety records but enable to provide real time access to production levels. Ensuring not just food traceability but true transparency of our food. A True Farm-to-Fork transparency. Now to give small farmers and truckers direct access to the global food chain the chain must be decentralized and that is possible with our platform powered by Blockchain technology.

But first things first. Farmers have the need to minimize food waste and food shortage. Let's clean house. To solve this issue, we must first help farmers increase their profit. How does eHarvestHub help farmers achieve profitability? We are removing the suffocating layers of middlemen that control the sale and transportation of fresh produce taking profits away from small farmers and independent truckers. Small farmers in every continent face the same problem: lack of large inventory, marketing capital and direct access to truckers. This is not a regional problem. It is global issue requiring a global solution. eHarvestHub's ecommerce platform removes the need of middleman, decentralizes distribution, and, gives farmers direct access to grocers both locally and abroad as well as connects them with the truckers that move their product.

Small farmers and independent truckers cultivate up to 60 percent of food and transport 90 percent of the food we consume respectively. As consumers from developed countries demand fresh produce year-round more food is imported from developing countries. Consumers are paying higher prices but that doesn't translate to farmers and truckers making more money.

5



Let's Get an Idea of the Market Size

Where in the World are the Small Farmers?



US/Canada 2,426M



EU 14,106M



Asia 420,322



483,589,875 Farmers



Latin America 19,667M



Africa 26,811M



Other 256,000



Figure 1



Source: FAO 2014



Let me illustrate how small farmers are distributed around the world. As you can see in Figure 1, small farmers are all over the globe. Asia has the clear majority of farmers followed by Africa and Latin America. On the other hand, as you can see in Figure 2 below, twenty-five countries import more than 1 trillion dollars of the world food production and sixty-six countries rely on imported food. This means approximately 16% of the world population relies on food grown elsewhere.

Clearly, developed countries with high population and economic power drive food imports. For example, the United States last year imported more than $136 billion fresh food most of which came from the over 19 million farmers in Latin America. One of the main reasons why the United States imports fresh food from Latin America is food safety. Many farmers in Latin America follow Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) and similar or the same food safety practices as American growers.



6



The Countries Importing the Most Food in the World

Figure 2

THE PROBLEM

Small farmers grow between 60 and 70% of the food we eat and independent owner/operator truckers move 90% of that production yet, they make the least profits. Small farmers and independent owner/operator truckers are the two essential of the three market players in the fresh produce industry; the grocer is the other key player in the marketplace. Then there are the multiple layers of middlemen that control the supply chain causing our food to zig-zag up to ten times before it makes it to the grocer's warehouse taking profits away from small farmers and truckers. Many say that it is not a simple problem to solve because the global food chain is complex. We agree in that it is a complex system, as Ed Treacy Vice President of Supply Efficiencies at the Produce Marketing Association, called it, the "Fresh Supply Web" (figure 3 below) and rightfully so. It is a mess of layers but the truth is that is simple to solve but to solve it you must truly put the value where it belongs with the farmers and that is a task most are not willing to undertake. We at eHarvestHub found the right solution and are not afraid to fix our food system and have the way to put the value back with farmers.

7



Figure 3



Source: PMA



The Middleman Obsoleted by Technology

Middlemen were important at one point, but not anymore. As cities grew larger and further away from farms and consumers demanded for their favorite fruits and vegetable be available yearround, the need to source, aggregate and transport these commodities from longer distances grew and middlemen filled that need. In a nut shell, middlemen aggregate volume and arrange transportation of the goods. Unfortunately, this came at a high financial loss to farmers and truckers.

In today's trend consumers are demanding more food transparency, they want more local food and want to know who is the farmer that grows their food and how their money impacts those farmers. Middlemen charge a range of fees some of which farmers must pay even if the middleman is unsuccessful in selling his crop. From truckers, middlemen end up making more than the trucker himself, yet the trucker carries all the liabilities and responsibilities of making sure the product reaches its destination safely.

THE FARMER

Small farmers are family run businesses where everyone pitches in sometimes wearing multiple hats, from preparing the land, planting, taking care of the crop and harvesting and selling the product. Technology could help run their business more efficiently, saving time and money, but with the high cost of enterprise software and complicated to learn, small farmers use pen and paper to manage inventory, transactions status and food safety recordkeeping. The multiple layers of middlemen and lack of affordable and intuitive technology leaves them without access to the highest paying buyers, the grocer. All because on their own they lack:

8



1. Volume  Although small farmers produce 60 to 80 percent of the food that feed us, they don't produce enough volume on own their own to meet the grocers need. For this reason, grocers go to distributors causing them to pay higher prices.

2. Marketing Capital  With low profit margins they are unable to market themselves and reach more buyers.

3. Direct Access to Truckers  Don't have the bandwidth to reach truckers who are available to delivery their product and when they do truckers are more incline to work with someone who consistently provide loads.

4. Fragmented Technology  Most technology available for farmers is fragmented. This fragmentation is due to the typical business model tech companies use, high licensing fees or membership. To keep expenses down, farmers tend to pick the modules or features they need most therefore having an ecliptic and unintegrated suite of software.

5. Food Safety Transparency  At the center of food safety is transparency. Consumers and regulatory agencies want to know what happens to fresh produce starting from preparing the land for planting until it reaches the consumer. In many developed countries, the fresh produce industry has created traceability standards. However, these standards in most cases are the bare minimum the multiple parties involved have agreed on and the data is not readily available or shared. Governments have created regulations that without technology can be difficult for small farmers, especially for those in developing countries, to meet; drastically decreasing the possibility for their product reaching the market. Very often middlemen hide the grocer and destination from the farmers making transparency difficult and whatever transparency exists doesn't always reach the consumer. The lack of transparency gives way to possible food fraud, i.e. product grown conventionally being sold to consumers as organic.

These shortcomings cause farmers to have to sell their product to middlemen for pennies on the dollar. As the product moves through the supply chain, each middleman takes a cut and the price increases, leaving consumers with a higher priced fresh food and little transparency as to where their food comes from.

9



Let's look at a case on Cantaloupe: In this scenario through the current supply chain, a farmer only makes approximately 13% and the trucker around 10% while middlemen take over 62% and the grocer 15%. Yet, the farmer and trucker carry most if not all the inherited liability because chain of custody is not transparent.



Our marketplace solves this problem by



Figure 4



connecting the farmer directly to the grocer.



No middlemen are involved helping keep prices down and increasing profits.



THE TRUCKER

Owner/operator truckers, like farmers, are entrepreneurs who saved or took out loans to purchase their trucks and prefers to run their own transportation businesses. The current supply chain structure prevents truckers from working more efficiently and making more money.

1. Always on the Road  For a trucker being on the road means he is working and hopefully making money. However, constantly being on the road means no time to market himself directly to shippers.

2. Exclusive Contracts  Truckers often sign exclusive contracts with brokers preventing them from being directly hired by shippers. If a trucker works with multiple brokers and he is not available for another broker he may be skipped for the next available load.

3. Biding on Loads  Brokers put all loads up for bidding among their network of truckers. The lowest bid wins the load but that doesn't guarantee you get to keep the load. A trucker is guaranteed a load only when the product has been loaded on his truck. In other words, if the broker finds an even cheaper carrier he will cancel the prior truck and send the new carrier. Finding a cheaper carrier, the broker can cause the delivery date and time be missed. A cheaper trucker only puts more money in the broker's pocket because he had already negotiated a rate upfront with the freight owner.

4. Delayed Payment  To receive payment truckers must submit the signed bill of lading (BOL) to the broker. Sometimes payment can take up to 30 days after the delivery has been completed. If the trucker wants to get paid sooner, the broker will charge a percentage of the already negotiated rate further lowering the profits for the trucker.

5. Delayed Deliveries  There are numerous reason why a delivery can be delayed. Some causes are broker created as we mentioned above. Other delays are shipper driven. Truckers may show up on time but the product is not ready and depending on the original

10



pick time the trucker may have to wait until next day to load losing another possible load. Receivers can cause delays as well. Once truckers take possession of the load they call the receiver to schedule a time to unload. If he misses the scheduled time he must wait until a spot opens on the loading dock. Truckers are fined when they show late and miss their dock times.



Figure 5



Consider this Broker case study: A Broker charges freight owner $1,200 for a short haul delivery. He then puts it up for a bid among his truckers. The lowest bid wins the load. Here the broker pays the trucker $700 for the delivery and profits $500. If a second load is given to the same trucker the broker only pays an extra $100 to pick up and drop the second load while the broker still charges the regular rate for the second load. Yet, transportation liabilities lie with the trucker not the broker. Therefore, Truckers must carry insurances for Food Safety, Cargo and possible Public Liability Insurance.



These supply chain inefficiencies have a tremendous negative impact on truckers' ability to achieve the three most important things they want.

1. Make more money per load 2. Have more consistent loads 3. Spend more time at home with family and less on the road

The challenges farmers and truckers face due to the control middlemen have on the supply chain can be overcome using eHarvestHub platform powered by Blockchain technology. Farmers and truckers can once again be back at the helms of their business and families' future.



SOLUTION

We have developed the World's Largest Fresh Food Marketplace where small farmers, independent truckers and grocers can connect and interact directly. It is the HUB for farmers, grocers and truckers. The marketplace allows farmers to list their fresh produce, aggregates volume across multiple small farmers; essentially giving grocers one location to shop from and



11



still meet their volume demand. Farmers or grocers can then directly hire independent owner/operator truckers, much like UBER does with passengers and drivers.



Figure 6



eHarvestHub removes the layers of middlemen enabling farmers to sell directly to grocers and increases their profits up to 60%. Equally beneficial to grocer, they can lower their cost by 17% or more allowing them to pass some of the savings to consumers.

With a simple click grocers have direct access to a farmer's inventory saving and manpower when sourcing fresh produce. Grocers can save up to 17% buying through our marketplace.

Truckers can make more money per load, spend more time at home with their families and have more consistency of loads. They can truly grow their business without the need of a broker.



The success of our Marketplace is in that



we developed technology that helps



farmers manage their businesses more



efficiently giving them more exposure and



enables them to provide grocers full



transparency into their food safety



practices and inventory. A mobile app



where truckers can directly access loads



without having to spend their hard-earned



money or little time they have on fruitless



marketing. Below we describe in more



Figure 7



detail how our eHarvestFarm tools and



eHarvestHaul app help small farmers and truckers join the global food chain. We do what our



competitors are not willing to do, put our farmers and truckers in a position of strength.



12



Aside from needing direct access to accurate inventory, buyers need to aggregate and negotiate prices for the volume they need. Through our marketplace chat feature buyers can negotiate prices with farmers in real time. If the volume needed is available by aggregating from multiple farmers, the buyer can negotiate prices with one farmer and the prices from other famers automatically adjust to meet the volume demand. Grocers can negotiate with our farmers in real time.



When negotiating on price, both farmers and buyers can see the available truckers and the delivery cost. Freight rates are driven from our trucker app, Figure 8 eHarvestHaul. The freight rates on the marketplace reflect the truckers own rate per mile. The marketplace uses a combination of data points to calculate the total cost of delivery and surface the available truckers. The same as UBER connecting passengers and drivers, only that we don't take a percentage from our truckers' profit.



THE FARMER



IT ALL BEGINGS WITH THE FARMER



To reach grocers directly small farmers must compete at the same level larger suppliers do. To achieve this, they need to comply with food safety record keeping regulations, provide grocers with traceability and transparency and provide direct access to their inventory. Our software helps farmers meet all these needs, leveling the playing field where they can compete again larger suppliers and middlemen. Our tools allow them to manage their product lifecycle from harvest to shipping. We do this doing the following:



Figure 9

13



TRANSPARENCY THE STEP BEYOND TRACEABILITY

 Traceability  Our traceability software currently allows small farmers to meet industry traceability standard, Produce Traceability Initiative (PTI) as well as the United States FDA's Food & Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) record keeping requirements; which all supplier must adhere to. PTI starts at the case level and must be traced one-step-forward one-stepbackward including carrier information. For a farmer, this means tracing back to the field the product was harvested from, the trucker and truck that Figure 10 transported his product and the buyer. Any foreign supplier selling to the US market must meet these standards. The FDA's Food & Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) traceability regulations require all commercial growers large and small to comply with food safety record keeping.

Farmers using traceability powered by eHarvestHub Blockchain technology moves beyond the industry's one-step forward, one-step backward standard to a full transparency that can reach the consumer. Blockchain's timestamping of each event will help prevent food fraud by recording each party's activities and making accessible all their required documentation. Timestamping also helps to accurate forecast pickups and delivery times. This digital footprint provides grocers with the data they need to give consumers full transparency of their foods and quickly minimize the impact of contaminated fresh produce in the event of our food borne illness outbreak. Faster response can prevent less people from getting sick or dying.



Figure 11



Our platform removes the need of middlemen and transportation brokers. Farmers can reach retailers directly and sale their products at a higher price while grocers buy cheaper. Accessing independent truckers directly lowers the cost of shipping while increases profits for the trucker.

14



 Inventory Management System (IMS)  Our dynamic IMS allow farmers to accurately manage in real time their inventory preventing underselling or overselling their products and maximize their revenues. Underselling product can potentially cause a farmer to lower prices to move product without affecting its shelf life. Overselling can leave buyers with a sour taste as they would have to begin sourcing all over again creating distrust in product availability and tarnishing the farmer's reputation. Our IMS facilities quality controls as product can be put in the proper buckets (status): Cooling, Available (for sale), Backordered, Pending, Staging (process of product being added to an existing order), Ship (assigned to an order) and Shipped.

 Order Management System (OMS)  Our OMS enable farmers to manage all their orders, whether originated through our marketplace or received via a phone call, fax, email or text. The OMS allow farmers to make changes to their orders, fulfill it, ship it and more importantly provide buyers with real time order status.

THE TRUCKER

After the farmer, the hardest working person in the fresh produce industry is the Owner/Operator trucker who has invested his life savings or taken out a loan to purchase his truck to work independently. However, constantly on the road doing deliveries arranged by brokers, for a small profit, leaves him with little money and no time to market his services. This is a vicious cycle that without our app truckers are unable to break away from it. Our transportation platform gives truckers the place where they can market their services, help meet sanitary transportation regulation, access loads directly breaking the broker dependency cycle. Without the need of a middleman, our farmers can pay lower freight cost and truckers increase their profits.

Figure 12

15



We collect the trucker data through our Order Management System. Remember PTI (The Produce Traceability Initiative) requires farmers to also gather carrier information. This allows us access to all trucker data which we then will upload to our transportation app. We notify the trucker to activate his account in our app to access the bill of lading (BOL) for his load. We also show the trucker how to add his per mile rates, availability to be considered for more loads.

HELPING TRUCKERS MEET THE THREE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS THEY WANT

Figure 13

1. Make more money per load  To make more money per load truckers need to be able to market themselves, bypass brokers and have direct access to loads. Our transportation app gives truckers direct access to our farmers' loads bypassing the need of brokers. They can enter the per mile rates, availability, trailer size among other data points and be directly hired by our farmers or the grocer to delivery their products. With our transportation app truckers can truly be independent business owners. eHarvestHub gives truckers complete control of their rates. We believe true decentralization must allow each market participant to dictate his own rates. Our revenue model enables truckers to make more money per load.

16



Single Load Delivery:

Figure 14



In this case study, the trucker was making a half full truck delivery from Santa Maria California to Los Angeles California, approximately 204 miles run. For this delivery, the broker charged $1,200 US dollars, keeping $500 (42%) and paying the trucker $700 (58%). With eHarvestHub the farmer would pay $1,000 ($200 savings), the trucker keeps $900 ($200 more) and pays eHarvestHub a $100 flat fee.



Double Load Delivery



Since the truck is half full the broker adds



another load but only paying the trucker



an extra $100 for pick up and drop off the



second load while charging the farmer



his regular fee of $1,200. In all the



trucker only makes $800 while the



broker makes $1,600 and both farmers



pay higher rates. With eHarvestHub the



trucker can lower his rates for both



Figure 15



farmers to $800, saving each farmer



$400 while still making $1,400 ($600 more) and paying eHarvestHub only $200 ($100 for each



load delivered).



Double Load + Back Haul Delivery

Figure 16

17



Now the broker gives the trucker a load to deliver on his way home. Just because he is going back home the broker offered the trucker the load for $300, so he could cover the cost of fuel but the broker is charging his customer $1,200. Through eHarvestHub the trucker can still charge $800 for the third load making saving each farmer, making more money, lowering shipping cost for each farmer and remaining competitive.



2. Have more consistent loads  Truckers often must sign exclusivity agreement with brokers preventing them from being hired by someone else and prohibiting them from working directly with shippers the broker contracts with for up to 18 months after the trucker has left the broker. These agreements prohibit truckers from being directly hired by the shipper or buyer. Brokers are always shopping for cheaper rates just to put more money in their pocket canceling on truckers even though the trucker may be about to be loaded. These issues coupled with brokers having to constantly and often unsuccessfully source new loads creates inconsistency of loads so truckers don't always know when they will need to get on the road. Our transportation app is fully integrated with our marketplace where both farmers and buyers can see the available truckers and their rate, enabling them to directly hire a trucker.

3. Spend more time at home with family and less on the road  with eHarvestHub truckers can make more money per load, dictate the dates they are available to work and the routes they like to run. They can run their business from their phones. Our eHarvestHaul app does the rest for them. Because our farmers can sale their product on our marketplace and manage their orders with our Order Management System, we can guarantee loads for our truckers.

BLOCKCHAIN  The Only Way

We are implementing Blockchain technology coupled with Artificial Intelligence that will constantly be looking at the data within the eHarvestHub Blockchain Private Network to ensure full transparency in the food supply chain and fair play for farmers and truckers where smart contracts are executed as agreed eliminating the need of third parties. Implementing Blockchain will enable fresh food data to reach consumers putting the power back in the hand of consumers. Consumers will be able to see how much a farmer makes for the fresh food he/she purchased.

EHH TOKEN  OUR PREFERRED CURRENCY

Adding our cryptocurrency further helps level the playing field for our customers. Payment transactions can be process quickly avoiding bank fees specially when paying expensive foreign transaction fees, exchange rates and waiting time for banks to verify. Most farmers and truckers must wait up to 30 days to get paid. With eHarvestHub cryptocurrency funds can exchange hands as quickly as product does.

18



Here is how will implement the use of our token:

1. We will first use the EHH token as payment for our services. This will help get our farmers and truckers around the world familiar with the token. To make the transition from local fiat to EHH token we will give our customers a discount when paying with EHH tokens. As we gain critical mass we will make the full conversion to only accept EHH tokens as payment for our services

2. Third parties wishing to advertise within our platform will be required to do so using the EHH token.

3. Peer-2-Peer (P2P) transactions. This is where our farmers and truckers begin to accept EHH tokens for their products and services. Grocers will be incentivized to pay with EHH tokens.

To achieve the implementation of Blockchain technology, growth in multiple markets and the use of our EHH token we are conducting a Pre-ICO and ICO events. It is as our first step to engage the global community, you the consumer, to make your impact known through your contribution in our crowdfunding. The best result of our ICO would not just to sell the total number of tokens we have allocated for fundraising but to have a high number of participants from around the world contributing a small amount.

WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME?

Simply put our customers will need to pay for our services using our Token. To purchase tokens customers will be able to do so directly from our platform. As an EHH token holder you will be able to list your EHH tokens for sale on our platform and our customers will be able to purchase directly from you. You will also be able to sale your tokens through the exchanges we will list on. We are talking to some of the most reputable exchanges to list our tokens soon after the ICO closes.

EHH TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

The total number of EHH tokens to ever exists will be nine hundred million (900,000,000). We want to ensure demand always surpasses the number of token in circulation.

19



EHH TOKEN



Table 1



Maximum EHH Tokens (100%) EHH Tokens for Pre-ICO EHH Tokens for ICO For Company Use For Advisors

Customer Reward Program



100% 12% 48% 20% 5% 15%



900,000,000 108,000,000 432,000,000 180,000,000

45,000,000 135,000,000



A sixty percent (540,000,000) will be allocated for the Pre-ICO and ICO. Of this amount 108,000,000 EHH tokens will be sold during the Pre-ICO event with generous bonuses for our early contributors. See Pre-ICO and ICO for details. Token distribution for Company Use, Advisors and Customer Reward Program will be done through Smart Contracts.

A twenty percent (180,000,000) of the total number of tokens created will be issued to the company to help attract the best talent and motivate team members. Team members will earn EHH tokens each month of their employment with the company. Position, tenure and salary compensation will help determine the number of tokens an employee receives. Company and personal performance will be evaluated for performance bonuses. Issuance of employee tokens will be done through a smart contract; which we will make available on GitHub to all token holders for review prior our ICO. Forty-five million (45,000,000) of the 180,000,000 tokens will be allocated for the early team.

 Parameters for employee token issuance: o The first tokens issued to employees will be three (3) months after the ICO closes. The founder and early team, those of us here prior to the ICO, will not receive tokens prior to the ICO. o The number of tokens issued to an employee will be based on:  Position  Founder and Early team  Team members who were here prior and during the ICO and implementation of Blockchain technology into the eHarvestHub platform.  Executive team  Directors  Managers  Engineering  Sales/Marketing  Customer Support  Salary compensation  To help keep our burn rate low and a longer run way and the room to bring in more talent earlier, team members receive lower salaries and higher number of token.



20



 Tenure  Earlier employees will earn more tokens than employees that join the company later. Token grants for employee will last until the last of the 180M tokens are given out.

o The total number of tokens an employee will receive is set at time of hire. o An employee will be eligible to receive tokens after the fourth month of

employment and the probation period has been satisfactory completed. Probation period are the first 90 days of employment. o Each monthly grant will have a six (6) month rolling back period. This means the earned tokens will be deposited in the employee's wallet after the six months are over. For example:



Employment Start Date

01-Oc-17



Probation Period Ends

30-Dec-17



Table 2



Token Issued

31-Dec-17 31-Jan-18 28-Feb-18 31-Mar-18 30-Apr-18



Rolling Back Period Ends

30-Jun-18 31-Jul-18 31-Aug-18 30-Sep-18 31-Oct-18



Transfer to Employee's

Wallet 01-Jul-18 01-Aug-18 01-Sep-18

01-Oct-18

01-Nov-18



o Employment termination  In the event employment is terminated either by the employee or employer, the employee will keep only the tokens already granted. Tokens held by the six-month rolling back period will be deposited in the employees account as schedule. Tokens that were scheduled but not granted due to employment termination will become available to the company to be used for a new hire.

Early Team Token Distribution  Five percent (5%), 45,000,000, have been designated for the early team. Each team member will receive a percentage of tokens based on his tenure with the the company (see Table 3 below) . Tokens distribution will commence three (3) months after the ICO has closed. Tokens wll be distributed monthly over a four year period (48 months). Roll back period will apply. The following formala will be used to distribute early team tokens.

DFD



Where:



 " =   

Equation 1



T = Total number of tokens allocated for the early team N = The lenght of time in monthst tokens will be issued k = Value of the employee position in decimals Dk = Number of tokens the employee will receive monthly



21



For example: Let us assume T = 45,000,000, N = 48, k = .1583



45,000,000



(.*+,- =



48



 0.1583 = 148.406.25



Early Team



Team Member Alvaro Ramirez Diego Galeano Moises Aburto Sergio Velasquez Julio Garcia Danny Narvaez Francisco Rojas Mario Moreno



Percentage

15.83 15.83 15.83 15.83 15.83 15.83

4.50 0.25



Table 3



Employee Token Distribution  The employee total token allocation is 135,000,000. Management will decide how many tokens will be issued each year. An employee will begin to earn tokens for each month of employment after completing the 90 day probational period. The roll back policy will apply. This means as demonstrated in Table 2 tokens will be sent to the employees wallet after the roll back period is over.



To determine the amount of tokens an employee willl receive we must first identify the employee's rank. Because we don't know the number of employees we will have each year , each position a value (see Table 4; which will be use to find the employee's rank using Equation 2. Once we have the rank we use Equation 3 to determine how many tokens the employee will receive monthly.

:

 = 8 9

9;*

Equation 2



22



Position Rank Position CEO CFO CTO COO CMO Director Sr. Manager Manager Supervisor I Supervisor II Engineer I Engineer II Senior Engineer AE I AE II Inside Sales I Inside Sales II Accountant/Financial Analyst I Accountant/Financial Analyst II Accountant/Financial Analyst III Tech Support I Tech Support II Tech Support III

Table 4



Rank 100 60 60 60 60 47 40 35 30 35 30 30 35 30 30 20 20 30 30 35 20 20 20



t =   9   12

Equation 3

Where:

Z = Tokens distributed annually t = Tokens to be distributed monthly to an employee Q = Number of employees S = Total sum of all the Ki in Table 4 Ki = Position Rank



For example: How many tokens will Employee 3 in Table 5 recieve each month the upcoming year? Let's assume the fllowing: The first year the company will distribure 3,000,000 tokens to its employees and and the ranks for each employee in Table 5. We will first solve for "S" to identify the employee's rank for coming year.

23



Position Rank



Employee Name Position Rank



Employee 1



100



Employee 2



60



Employee 3



30



Employee 4



30



Employee 5



20



Table 5



Solving for S using Equation 2

S = 100+60+30+30+20 = 240

Now solving for t using Equation 3

3,000,000  30 t = 240  12 = 31,250

Employee 3 will be receiving 31,250 tokens each month the upcoming year.

 A five percent (45,000,000 tokens) is allocated for Advisors who will advise us over a few years on the goals and direction of the company. All Advisor token issuance will be done through the smart contract. Management will determine each year the number of tokens to be distributed to Advisors. Each year management will determine the number of tokens to be distributed and divide it by the number of advisors. Each monthly grant will have a six (6) month rolling back period. This means the earned tokens will be deposited in the employee's wallet after the six months are over. See example on Table 2. The following formula will be used to allocate tokens to each Advisor.

 t=

  

Where: t = Tokens to be distributed monthly T = Tokens distributed annually N = Number of Advisors r = Number of months for distribution



 We have allocated fifteen percent (135,000,000) of EHH tokens created for customers. We want to reward our first customers. Customers can earn tokens each time they perform

24



an event that adds value to the EHH Network. Such events can be but are not limited to: revenue generation, promoting eHarvestHub or registered referrals. To incentivize early registration and adoption earlier customers will receive more tokens, later customers will earn less until the 135 million tokens are exhausted.

Exchanges

We are working on getting our token listed on a couple of exchanges. We are enlisting the help of our investor VenturesLab who is also an early investor of OkCoin, one of China's largest Cryptocurrency exchanges. As soon as the we have the exchanges name, we will make them available. Our goal however, is to have at least one reputable exchange ready immediately after the ICO.

Initial Coin Offering (ICO)

We are selling our EHH Utility tokens through the ICO to raise funds to further the implementation of Blockchain technology into our platform and for growth. We intend to use our EHH token as the currency of choice within our platform. You can visit our page www.EHHICO.com to begin your purchase.

Pre-ICO

For the Pre-ICO we will be accepting ETH only. Our pre-ICO will begin November 121th, 2017 and will run for 8 days until November 28th, 2017. The total number of EHH TOKEN allocated for the pre-ICO will be one hundred and eight million (108,000,00) of which 64,800,000 will be sold and 43,200,000 used to pay out bonuses. There will with no minimum for the Pre-ICO. The sale will stop when all EHH tokens are sold or 8 days have passed  whichever comes first.

Start Date: Nov 21 12:01AM UTC 2017 End Date: Nov 28 11:59PM UTC 2017



PRE-ICO DETAILS



Maximum for sale ICO 108,000 ,000 EHH includes Bonus & Lottery



Pre-ICO price 1 ETH = 5,000.00 EHH tokens



Minimum Transaction Amount



.16666667 ETH



Minimum Token Purchase 833.33333333 EHH



Pre-ICO Sales Period



01:00PM UTC Sept. 18, 2017 to 11:59AM UTC Sept. 27, 2017



Coin Distribution



Contract will distribute EHH tokens instantly upon receiving ETH



Minimum EHH Sales Goal No



25



Bonus Payout



BONUS PAY OUT

First 12 Hours 65% 21 Nov 55%

22  24 Nov 35% 25  27 Nov 25%

28 Nov 5%



Participants who purchase 100 ETHs or more will be entered in a lottery for a chance to win one of three prices. One percent (1%) of sold EHH tokens will be allocated for the lottery. The winners will be announced at the end of the Pre-ICO. Prizes will be deposited in the winners' wallets at the end of the pre-ICO.



LOTTERY PRIZES



1st Prize 2nd Prize 3rd Prize



60% 25% 15%



Pre-ICO ESCROWED FUNDS



We are honored you chose to contribute and join the eHarvestHub family. Every cent we raise to make eHarvestHub successful is important to us and want to make sure we maximize its value and use and will manage it accordingly. For this we have set up a multi-signature wallet. Five signatures will be required for funds to be released.



Name

Stephen Mc Namara Heather Richman Alvaro Ramirez Developer 1 Developer 2

Table 6



Required Signatures



Company



Relationship



to eHH



Rakuten Blockchain Lab



Advisor



GreenLight Strategy LLC



Advisor



eHarvestHub



CEO



eHarvestHub



Developer



eHarvestHub



Developer



Signature Type

Mandatory Mandatory Mandatory Required Required



Funds will be released on milestones as listed below. All released funds will be converted to US dollars.



26



1. First withdrawal will be at the completion of the Pre-ICO, we will withdraw 50% of raised ETH or a minim of $1MM USD, whichever is higher. Funds will be used to: a. Initiate Blockchain protocols for Traceability b. Hire more talent for Development, Operations Sales & Marketing c. Conduct Pilot programs in Nicaragua, Mexico and Colombia d. Continue growth in United States e. Promote the ICO

2. The remaining funds will be released based on milestones met prior to the ICO. a. Completed Blockchain protocols for Order Management (OMS) and Transportation (TMS)  To be completed 4 weeks after Pre-ICO  33% of funds released b. Smart Contract development - To be completed 7 weeks after Pre-ICO  33% of funds released c. Nicaragua Pilot  Show traceability, food safety records from farm-to-table Blockchain Transparency. Product to be tracked from field  packing  sales  transaction  shipping  delivery  receiving. To be completed by end of February 2018  Release remaining 34%

ICO

For the ICO we will be accepting both ETH and BTC. As with the pre-ICO the ICO will emit EHH Utility tokens immediately after receiving payment as stipulated in the smart contract. ICO is tentatively scheduled for April 28th, 2018 and will run for 27 days until May 23rd, 2017. The total number of EHH TOKEN allocated for the ICO will be four hundred and thirty-two million (432,000,00) of which 259,200,00 will be sold and 172,800,000 used to pay out bonuses. The minimum token sale for the ICO is set at 45,000,000 EHH tokens. The sale will stop when all EHH tokens are sold or the 27 days have passed  whichever comes first. We will confirm start date two months prior.

Tentatively scheduled for:

Start Date: Apr 28 12:01AM UTC 2018 End Date: May 24 11:59PM UTC 2018

27



ICO DETAILS



Maximum for sale ICO



432,000,000 EHH tokens includes Bonus & Lottery



ICO price 1 ETH = 2,777.58.00 EHH Token



Minimum Transaction Amount



0.35971223 ETH



Minimum Token Purchase 833.33333333 EHH



Tentative ICO Sales Period



01:00 UTC Apr 28, 2018 to 01:00 UTC May 24, 2018



Contract will distribute token upon



Coin Distribution receiving ETH  BTC instructions will



be provided prior to ICO.



Minimum ICO Sales Goal 45,000,000 EHH tokens



Bonus payout



BONUS PAY OUT

First 12 Hours 66.5% 28 Apr  30 Apr 50% 1 May  6 May 35% 7 May  14 May 25 15 May  20 May 5% 21 May  24 May 0%



ICO ESCROWED FUNDS

Raised funds will be escrowed and follow the same protocol to be released as the Pre-ICO. We are happy to repeat how grateful and honored we are to have you participate in our token sale and become part of our family. To ensure your hard-earned funds are properly used to ensure the success of the project release of funds will require a multi-signature protocol which will include members of our Advisory Board. Below is a representation of how we intend to use the funds. As we get closer to the ICO, we will provide more details on how funds will be released, based on milestones mete and milestones

28



Figure 17

29



ROADMAP

30



31



TEAM

Alvaro Ramirez is the founder and CEO of eHarvestHub, serving on the Board of Directors and Executive staff. An inspired entrepreneur and passionate leader, eHarvestHub is the latest achievement in his 20-plus years of building businesses, engaging employees and serving customers and clients.

Alvaro's first experiences were forged in Nicaraguan war zones. At the age of 12 worked for his friend's dad harvesting potatoes during the summer. From ages 13 to 14 worked loading his older brother Carlos' truck with 100 pound sacks of fresh produce and coffee to be delivered to the produce terminal and coffee mills until at just 15 years of age, his parents made the difficult decision to send Alvaro to the United States instead of seeing him drafted as a soldier for the communist regime. In the U.S. Alvaro lived with two older brothers, one of whom left high school to work and provide for his younger brother. These deep and resonant experiences shaped him to be industrious, resourceful -- a leader -- and it is what drives him to respond to challenges and deliver meaningful products and services to market, as well as to bring positive change to the world around him.

Driven to help others in unique and innovative ways Alvaro co-founded HRA, a Residential Mortgage Backed Securities (RMBS) risk mitigation startup created to connect homeowners and investors directly, avoid foreclosures. ensure positive outcomes for both parties and decentralize the need of mortgage servicers (Banks). As Managing Director, Alvaro led business development and managed all government relations at the local, state and federal levels. Inspired to use technology in the service of those in need, Alvaro found eHarvestHub, a set of tools that connect small farmers to retail buyers and carriers -- the Uber of local food -- and a marketplace that will change how that food reaches our tables. Alvaro currently lives in Discovery Bay California surrounded by some of eHarvestHub Sweet Corn Farms. In his free time, Alvaro is either coaching his kids' basketball or soccer team or reading and hiking

Francisco Rojas is Head of Sales & Operations, with over 20 years of experience delivering technology and business solutions to clients in the US and Latin America in different sectors including retail, finance and insurance. His experience has successfully help clients bridge multicultural teams, develop alliances and explore new markets. To date Francisco has inspired teams of up to 300 and created innovated business models and social media

solutions to add value to his clients. Francisco holds a degree in Mechanical Engineering, he is passionate about web based technologies and disruptive innovation. Born in Sabana de Occidente Colombia, Francisco is fluent in Spanish and English. He currently resides in Santa Cruz California and when he is not helping clients you will find Francisco investing time in his family.

32



Quency Phillips leads our Marketing and Public Relations efforts. On his own he is a renowned author, visionary and speaker, Quency has been building brands and cultivating communities for over 15 years and he is passionate about creating positive social impact. He brings his strong relationships and recognition for brand innovation in sports, philanthropy and not-for-profits experience and has established relationships with the top names in national

sports including NBA, WNBA and NFL. As a partner in Persimmun  a philanthropic organization helping to change the face of the San Francisco Bay Area and Silicon Valley  Quency has cemented his legacy as a man leading life of Social Good.

His vast experience managing multi-million dollar budgets for Pfizer Pharmaceuticals, or handling product launches and marketing campaigns strengthen by his passion as the brand Ambassador for the country of Bermuda to help youth organizations makes Quency the right person lead eHarvestHub's message of Social Impact Economy and the Decentralization of the Food Supply Chain. In Quency's own words, "Joining eHarvestHub - in a nutshell - just feels right and good. The ability for us to be a Disruptive Innovator and create a new Social Impact Economy - with the goal of providing a true quality of life for all involved - is legacy-building. More importantly, we have a very diverse and trusted team - all engaged and all about doing social good."

While Q. feels that "philanthropy is fun, he's a former athlete that still feels that he's within his athletic prime. In his spare time, he enjoys sports, music and children. He's attempting to learn the acoustic guitar, and start his career as an "at-home" astrologer with his new (last Christmas) Celestron Telescope that he still hasn't used. Quency graduated with two engineering degrees, Mechanical and Manufacturing, from Northwestern University

Diego Galeano is our Lead Engineer and Full Stack developer in charge of our architecture. He is a new technologies enthusiast. Diego is a self-taught person and an electronic learning is his hobby. He is a Linux evangelist and always focuses on style guides' use and coding standards because code consistency is important to him. Diego loves to travel around his country, meet new people and experience the different cultures from within

Nicaragua. He loves hiking and play soccer.

Moises Aburto is our energetic Full Stack developer and go to for Smart Contracts based in Managua Nicaragua and is passionate about real-time applications (RTA) and loves technologies that are JavaScript, PHP or C# based. And while technologies grow disproportionately he is always excited to work on new trends in the environment. Moises graduated with a

Computer Science degree from the National University of Engineering in

33



Nicaragua. Moises played a major role in the development of our marketplace and is looking forward implementing Blockchain technology to the marketplace. When is not programing you will find Moises playing soccer or hiking.

Danny Narvaez is our IOS Guru as well as a Full Stack developer based in Managua Nicaragua, he enjoys turning ideas into great products using technology. Danny Graduated with a Computer Science degree from the Universidad Politcnica de Nicaragua. He has worked for some of the best tech companies in Nicaragua like ALFA and CoreSystems before joining

eHarvestHub. Danny has overseen developing of eHarvestHaul our transportation app, and is excited about bringing Blockchain technology into eHarvestHub's transportation solutions. In his spare time, Danny enjoys reading and playing sports.

Julio Garcia is our Android expert and can battle in the IOS realm as well. Graduated with a Computer Science degree from the National University of Engineering of Nicaragua. Passionate about ICT, Julio is self-taught, proactive and constantly keeping updated with the latest technologies, especially in the mobile realm. Not afraid to take a challenge on he is always developing skills

to continue professional growth. When you don't find Julio in front of his screen programing you are certainly to find him engaged in a video game screen or watching a movie. He enjoys sports mainly soccer

Sergio Velasquez is our Full Stack and go to for Smart Contracts. With eight years developing business applications in the health care, retail, pharmaceutical and the education industries, he has used various languages including Solidity, JavaScript, C#, Python and SQL among other languages. Sergio graduated with a Computer Science degree from the National University

of Engineering of Nicaragua. He is passionate about technology, construction of software and business intelligence. At eHarvestHub Sergio currently leads our implementation of Blockchain technology. In his spare time, you will find Sergio investing time in his family or reading classic literature particularly XIX Century Russian literature.

34



ADVISORS

We have assembled an amazing Advisory Board with diverse background that includes technology, supply chain and logistics, farming, fresh produce retailing government policy, mentoring and leading teams at fortune 500 and startups.

Stephen Mc Namara, CTO at Rakuten Blockchain Lab. Stephen's own history dovetails with that of blockchain, and he has played major roles at both startups and established players. Stephen holds a degree in Software Engineering from Manchester Metropolitan Univeristy. He was chief software engineer at CyberSource when it was acquired by Visa, where he

later worked as CTO. Along the way, he read the original white paper about bitcoin by Satoshi Nakamoto and became convinced of the digital currency's enormous potential. He believes that bitcoin has lived up to the possibilities presented in the paper because it allows for the free and instantaneous transfer of value to anyone without the need for authentication from a third party. In place of that third-party arbiter is a digital ledger (a "blockchain") that exists across a network of computers and is protected from hacking or tampering by a highly complex algorithm. In 2014, Stephen left Visa to co-found Bitnet Technologies, a bitcoin payments and e-commerce platform in Belfast. Since Rakuten had invested in Bitnet in 2014, its acquisition of the startup's IP two years later was a natural development. Now that expertise has been transformed into RBL. He is a highly-experienced CTO and entrepreneur with over 25 years in the design, implementation, and deployment of scalable software systems primarily in FinTech and middleware systems. His enthusiasm, creativity and ideas are in everything he does; be that startups or large corporations. A skilled and knowledgeable technical leader with a commercial mindset, who delivers on the business vision.

Maria Latushkin is CTO at Narvar and is responsible for leading the company's technology vision and team. Maria joined Navar with over 15 years of experience in e-commerce and retail. Most recently Maria was CTO at Ones King Lane. She was also VP of Technology for Peet's Coffee & Tee where she evolved and expanded the technology team and she previously spent nine years at Walmart.com developing numerous areas in engineering integral to the company's growth and scale in e-commerce. She holds a BS degree in Computer Science from San Francisco State University.

35



Mark Dowds is currently the Co-Founder and Chief Strategy for Trov, Inc., The Cloud for Your Things, which is becoming a substantial disruption within the insurance sector around the globe. He is an experienced entrepreneur, leader, negotiator with a love of public speaking. For the past 15 years Mark has been starting, leading and incubating technology start-ups. He CoFounded a business incubator in British Columbia in the late 90's called Fresh

Initiatives birthing a series of successful service companies and agencies. He continued to help launch new initiatives when moving to Toronto by starting a business accelerator CreationStep and co-working facility Indoor Playground. He nurtured the ability to facilitate community between young leaders in a self-managing environment. Through some successes along the way Mark became an early stage angel investor giving some the financial start they needed to get moving to attract larger capital. Mark Co-Founded BandofCoders, a successful software development agency which grew to 120 employees in 3 continents before accepting a management buy-out. He was also the Co-Founder of ServiceCloud which was acquired by Salesforce.com. His original background is in organizational development with executive teams at many of North America's largest corporations including American Express, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Harper Collins, Royal Bank of Canada, and CIBC. Mark holds an MSC in Organization/Industrial Psychology from Capella University and a Masters in Divinity from Queen's University Belfast He is happily married and lives with his wife and teenage son and daughter in the Newtownards Ireland Area and is often found enduring the hills on a mountain bike.

Garrett Patricio  As COO and General Counsel of Westside Produce, Garrett oversees finance, operations and administration, including technology and information systems as well as all legal matters related to the company, including regulatory compliance, food safety and food security, water and environmental concerns, contract drafting, negotiation and formation, and sale, leases, and rental agreement review. Garrett is also an accomplished Attorney/CPA with experience in finance, accounting, corporate compliance, contracts, taxation, business transactions, environmental and water concerns. His work experience includes working at four mayor San Francisco accounting firms and a regional law firm. Garrett earned a Bachelor of Accountancy, Accounting from the University of San Diego and a Juris Doctorate from Santa Clara University.

36



Louie Villarreal is Director of Produce Operations at Mi Pueblo Food Center. A mid-size grocery chain serving the Hispanic market in California. Louie has more than 20 years of management experience within the grocery service industry. Results- focus and effectual leader with proven ability to improve sales. Able to identify and resolve

problems-reverse negative sale trends, controlling cost, maximizing productivity, and delivering multi-million-dollar profit increases.

Heather Richman is a seasoned corporate development & political strategist with a diverse background on Capitol Hill, in academia, and in the technology and energy sectors. She is Managing Director of GreenLight Strategies, where she works to catalyze the commercialization of technologies build by and for the U.S. Department of Defense. Specifically, she is focused on enterprise-level plug load efficiency, high-speed machine vision for autonomous driving, and big data analytics. Richman co-founded HEVT (highly-efficient electric motors), which won the 2012 Cleantech Open Grand Prize. Heather previously handled State & Federal Government Relations for Stanford University and served as a member of the Global Policy team for Cisco Systems. Before entering the private sector, Heather spent five years on Capitol Hill overseeing appropriations, budget and tax issues for U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer (NY). Richman currently serves as a Sr. Advisor to the U.S. Navy's Energy Excelerator and has two young daughters who pride themselves on their ability to make electric motors out of pasta. Heather holds degrees in Mathematics and Political Science from the University of Arizona.

Felix Maradiaga is a recognized expert in policy and civil society development in Central and South America. His broad experience in public sector reform, social entrepreneurship, and organizational capacity development gives Felix a comprehensive understanding of improving government-to-citizen engagement from the distinct perspectives of government, the business sector, and non-governmental organizations. As a frequent practitioner of

applied political economy analysis in the public, private, and non-profit fields, Felix regularly prepares and delivers complex analytical services to better understand the intersection between political will, economic conditions, and pragmatic development solutions. During his tenure as a senior civil servant in the Nicaraguan Ministry of Defense, he contributed to modernizing security sector services to local communities. His is a former Secretary General of the Ministry of Defense and former Director-General of the Office for follow-up compliance with the Peace Accords in Nicaragua. Through extensive community engagement, he contributed to the Ministries efforts at legislative and policy strengthening, disaster management and humanitarian response, and reintegration of former combatants.

37



Upon leaving the governmental sphere, Felix founded the Civil Society Leadership Institute, a non-governmental and academic institution aimed at promoting non-violence and social innovation. Through his institute, he worked in strengthening capacities of individual nongovernmental organizations through institutional strengthening, leadership coaching, and improved strategic planning and advocacy skills of networks of NGOs to more constructively engage government. In 2012, Mr. Maradiaga was a founding partner with a social impact investment firm, focused on value chain improvement and the regional business enabling environment in Central America, particularly in agriculture and renewable resources. With policy reform, organizational capacity development, and economic growth expertise, Felix applies a range of diverse perspectives to devise comprehensive strategic planning and applied political economic analysis solutions. He has frequently served as a high-level representative and primary point of contact for diverse external stakeholders, from government, major donors, private sector leaders, to multilateral organizations. Felix has driven innovation in the policy and academic realms, having authored over 40 publications on above-mentioned topics. He holds a Master's Degree in Public Administration from Harvard University and a Master of Engineering in Renewable Energies from Universidad de Barcelona (Spain). He lives in Managua, Nicaragua creating memories with his wife and child.

38



