Revolution for

the e-commerce industry

The first global decentralized ecosystem directly connecting e-commerce merchants to offline sales and customers



WHITE PAPER



Ver. 1.19 January 30, 2018



Table of contents



1. Executive Summary



3



2. Challenges



6



3. Triple Win Business Model



9



4. Revenue Streams



17



5. Token Mechanics



19



6. Technology Overview



22



7. Competition



25



8. Proof of Concept 26

9. Project Roadmap 27

10. Crowd Sale 28

11. Use of Proceeds



12. EiraCube Advisory Board



31



13. EiraCube Team



32



14. Our History



34



15. Our Partners



36



16. Legal Section



38



39



Page 1



PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER AND THE LEGAL SECTION BELOW CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this white paper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice and this white paper is provided "as is". The information contained herein is subject to change.

Invention Bridge SLU (hereinafter "EiraCube") as the official organizer of the Retail Tokens (RETT tokens) tokens initial coins offering ("ICO") does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this white paper. Investors Contributors and potential RETT token holders should seek appropriate independent professional ad-vice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction based on, material published in this white paper, which material is purely published for reference purposes alone.

RETT tokens will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. EiraCube does not provide any opinion on any advice and does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: purchase, sale, or any other transactions with RETT tokens and the fact of presentation of this white paper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of RETT tokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted based on this white paper. EiraCube, its affiliates, directors, shareholders, employees, advisors and/or subcontractors shall have no liability for damages or losses of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages or losses. In no event will EiraCube and/or its affiliates, employees, advisors and/or subcontractors be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, goodwill or other assets.

Important information is provided in the LEGAL SECTION. Please make sure you read it carefully before purchase your contribution to or purchase of any products, services or RETT tokens from EiraCube.

Please do not copy or distribute any part of this document White paper without this disclaimer and the LEGAL SECTION.



Page 2



1. Executive Summary

About EiraCube

EiraCube is a European startup that is developing the world's first robotic pop-up chain of stores  a fully IoT, blockchain-based business model requiring no human personnel in store. Placed in high-end shopping malls across the globe, it employs robots instead of sales assistants and it sells exclusive items from online merchants.



No humans sales only robots serve



3D facial payment embedded



At least 14 digital signage screens



Product example showcase by perimeter



Page 3



Challenges to solve in the global retail industry

As the leaders of the $2 trillion global ecommerce market move to brick and mortar stores, so do smaller merchants, facing along the way numerous pain points, such as:

1. Costly, inefficient and time-consuming route to shelf space in a department store 2. Lack of the digital tools merchants expect, such as big data customer analytics

and engagement metrics 3. Only white label shelf space that blurs brand image and reduces engagement is

being offered 4. Negotiation with numerous parties is required for a global launch (e.g. Westfield

in London, Lafayette in Paris, Tokyo in Tokyo, etc.)

EiraCube solution

EiraCube is developing a breakthrough solution addressing these issues by putting blockchain-driven technologies at the core of the Retail 3.0 and the Internet of Things.



Page 4



The product's key features are:

 Full automation through the use of robots cuts labour expenses, one of the major cost components in retail industry, to zero, one of the major cost components in retail industry. The use of robots makes ensures that the level of service will be of the same high quality across all the retail chain.

 Lean access to offline clientele with offerings starting from 1 shelf for an online merchant

 Fast offline channel access tool with 1 week go-to-market time for just $30-60 per day for a shelf place in the leading shopping centres

 Innovative data capturing solutions such as heat sensors and cameras measuring customers' engagement and to support data-driven decision-making

 Customized shelf space branded with seller's visual identity  One-stop solution to simultaneously launch the product in the best malls around

the world

15 real estate companies from the UK, Ireland, and Australia have already committed to host EiraCube at their properties:



RETT - way to get retail space or

Cool Goods

almost for free

Payment in RETT tokens in EiraCube stores guarantees discount 50-90%, thus create

a constant demand for RETT.



RETT - Monthly Activity Function

100%

of EiraCube net income will be sent to smart contract for monthly buyback. Buyback tokens will be distributed between token holders and active users

depending on their activity.



Page 5



2. Challenges:

Three key trends and challenges of the e-commerce

E-commerce goes moves to brick and mortar, focusing on the pop-up segment

The need for online merchants to move offline was always in the offing especially for unique products as opposed to mundane products such as books or pet food. Ironically, the digital sales channel has become one of the biggest barriers to the digital ecommerce economy becoming comparable to the offline segment. Consumers like to touch and try gadgets, fit new garments or shoes, and explore new devices' functionalities. As the Telegraph reported in 2016 people spend 51 pence of every 1 online. The gap between digital and traditional brick and mortar retail is huge. Online merchants struggle to get an offline presence where over 90% of total sales happen, and vice versa landlords struggle to bring in online merchants.



Page 6



The trend has become mainstream with Amazon, which was initially disrupting traditional bookstores, opening 15+ bookstores in the last two years and planning to open up to 100 new pop-up stores in the US in  to be checked and updated. Another example is Casper, a $1 bln - in revenue ecommerce website that built its reputation on the ease of buying a mattress online. The company opened 15 pop-up stores and, as the CEO said, "The pop-up retail environment allows us to seamlessly traverse online and offline, which we believe is paramount to an exceptional customer journey".

E-commerce is booming, the number of small merchants is exploding

E-commerce has grown at an unprecedented rate and is projected to grow at an even higher rate over the upcoming years. According to "Statista", retail ecommerce sales worldwide in 2014 were USD 1.3 trillion and are set to increase to USD 4 trillion by 2020.

The growth is illustrated by the number of shops created by online merchants on the Shopify platform. They had 84,000 shops in 2013, 144,000 in 2014, 243,000 in 2015 and ended 2016 with almost 378,000 merchants on the platform - a growth of 4,500% over 3 years. In addition, according to Statista, the number of people buying goods or services online will increase from 1.46 billion in 2015 to over 2 billion by 2020.



Page 7



Digital analytics solutions are a must-have for a merchant

As Amazon showed that data is the new king, a whole generation of startups collecting data on retail customers has emerged. Retailers now want to know every-thing about their customers: their demographics, socio-economics, consumer habits and engagement metrics. Yet, the key challenge these startups are facing is integration. The retailers most interested in the data analysis are huge chains of tens of thousands of stores that have local managers who are resistant to the introduction of innovation and are willing to run the stores in the old-fashioned way.

The only feasible solution is to build a new retail chain that would have technology and data analysis in its DNA from day one.



Page 8



3. EiraCube Triple Win Business Model

An experienced team of retail veterans and early adopters of robotics solutions de-signed the EiraCube business model in a way that will make life easier for online merchants, landlords, and for consumers. We had a clear picture of the industry pain points and a powerful toolbox of tech solutions to bring to the table to resolve them. Thus, our concept was from the very beginning crafted in a way to benefit the online merchants struggling from a lack of access to offline sales channels, the landlords tackling the footfall decrease, and the consumers getting bored at the shopping malls as they all provide the same experience that people have grown accustomed to. As a result, EiraCube's concept of a fully robotized pop-up store placed in the high-end shopping zone is poised to be widely adopted as it benefits all the parties in the process.



Page 9



Benefits for the online merchants

The key EiraCube advantage is that it was developed by retailers, for retailers. We know all the pain points of the industry and we designed our business model to properly address them.

Firstly, EiraCube dramatically cuts the time needed to market new products. These days when everyone sticks to an agile framework and uses the developproduce-test-repeat cycle, it is crucial to put a product in front of customers and get their feedback as fast as possible. It usually takes 2-6 months and many hours of negotiations to get a shelf space in just one department store or mall, as the reps evaluate your marketing plan, challenge sales goals and by the time your product arrives on the shelf, the competing bigger brands al-ready have their version of it in their own retail chains. EiraCube is different. We do not waste your time on marketing exercises as our interests are in line with those of the merchants that we serve. Instead, we offer you a simple contract and perform a quick evaluation of the product with our AI-based algorithm. In just a week your product will arrive on our shelves and this will not cost you a fortune, as the flat rates are set in the USD 30-60 per day range.



Page10



Secondly, while regular retailers while provide you with no more than a whitelabel space, with white walls and a white shelf, there will be no chance that your brand will be remembered when customers interact with your device. That is why we designed the cubes to offer numerous ways to display the merchants' advertising content. The content is shown via interactive displays such as ads or consumer experience videos.



Page11



Thirdly, as opposed to brick and mortar stores we do not have to bring innovation or implement digital transformation as all big retailers do. Instead, we decided to put state of the art technology solutions at the core of our business model and to build all the entire business process around them. Thus, we ARE the innovation from the start. A cube is equipped with over 60 various sensors bringing the clients literally as much data as they can process. As one an example, a 3D computer vision-powered camera (please see screenshot below) accumulates data on the mall visitors that showed interest such as age, sex, and emotions regarding a product displayed.

Another example of the data that will be supplied is a heat map showing the density of the crowd that explores the products showcased in the cube. These solutions provide merchants with the most relevant data and metrics in real time so that they can gauge the customer interest and satisfaction. All cubes are online 24x7, so the data from various countries and stores can be retrieved and processed simultaneously.



Page12



Fourthly, EiraCube is the online purchases collecting point for merchants. Return handling is a big pain point for online sellers as they usually have to provide the return shipping free of charge for the buyer. When EiraCube is used as a collection point, a customer pays for it through the merchant's web-site and collects it from the nearest cube. If the customer wants to change his decision having tried and touched the product in the cube, he or she can cancel the order straightaway without collecting. This product feature allows merchants to avoid return shipping expenses, growing their income as a result.

Finally, EiraCube is a one-stop-solution. If you plan the launch of a new product globally on the same date, say goodbye to that idea if you are a small or niche producer. Each mall where you will exhibit the product, will have its own contract to negotiate, usually in a local language and referring to a local legal system. As such, chances that all this paperwork will be handled successfully by a certain date are low.

The goods that areis never sell sold offline

EiraCube provides its clients with a simple and lean launchpad. The only agreement the producer would need to sign is the one with EiraCube. A client just needs to tick the cities and countries on the list and their product will appear there as fast as their shipping agent is able to get them there. We provide a single contract with a global entity that will allow you to start simultaneously in New York, London, Paris and many other power spots of shopping.



Page13



Benefits for landlords

The key benefit the Cube brings to landlords, property management companies, and real estate companies is the strong increase in visitor traffic they bring to shopping malls. Traffic growth is driven by the changing inventory of the cube. New items every week draw customers' attention and motivate them to return repeatedly. The higher the traffic in the mall, the higher rents the landlords can charge their tenants, which will ultimately result in higher profits.



Page14



During the first stage of the EiraCube chain rollout the cubes will be built in premier shopping centers, like Westfield in London or Lafayette in Paris. The highend shops are fiercely competitive for footfall and therefore would be keen to obtain a strong differentiator that would draw consumers from competing stores. When the network is established, the second stage rollout would be focused on smaller cities' malls. The cubes would become a strong landmark for these malls and would bring not only footfall but also media and PR attention that would in turn boost traffic. In addition, the cubes will bring consumers to the shopping malls who are used to buying online but would like to try and touch in advance the item that they want to order online. This young and curious audience would also aid overall traffic growth. The cubes are located in the alleys of the malls, so they will allow landlords to use unleased space, that has not been rented before. That will increase the lease area and boost space utilisation in the store.

Benefits for the consumers

The interactive and engaging way EiraCube shows and sells products appeals to the consumer habits of millennials. It is 100% digital, it does not annoy shop visitors by persuading them to spend their money, and it is state of the art tech that they probably have never seen before.



Page15



The products that we select are picked on a number of criteria with the help of an AI-based algorithm. Our goal is to maximise the number of successful product launches and to do that we select only the ones that have the strongest potential to be adored by consumers and demonstrate rapid growth as a result. Many of the products we are targeting are truly exclusive and often are available only through online stores. For consumers, EiraCube is the only way to have the "touch and feel" experience before buying that many deem an important part of the shopping process.

A pop-up vending machine selling Spectacles, by Snap

Importantly, the cube switches the items it sells on a regular basis, so the consumers won't get used to its offerings. Embracing the core principle of the pop-up concept, every two weeks there will be new gadgets to play with and new wearables to try on.



Page16



4. Revenue Streams

The streams of revenue in the EiraCube business model were designed to diversify income and to align our interests to those of our clients and share success with them. The core source of revenue is the shelf space rental income. When an online merchant registers with us they just need to pick a location and pay us a fee for renting a shelf in the selected shop, launching a product showcase as easily as one pays for parking. We make money like a parking lot in the way that we rent the bigger whole-sale units of space in shopping centres and sell them to many online merchants taking our margin through the process. To put an item on a cube's shelf, a client has to pay a fee set by an AI-based algorithm, which takes into account a number of client and product metrics. We believe that small producers should have the opportunity to show their products through EiraCube, so the algorithm is not based on the client's ability to pay. Otherwise, the cubes would be fully occupied by the consumer goods giants and that is not what we support. Instead, we focus more on the product's features that would help generate real hype around it and draw a lot of consumers' attention.

Explosive growth in newcomers' sales is the ultimate goal for us as EiraCube's mission is to bring new merchants to a larger market. To align our interests, we participate in our clients' success (i.e. revenue growth), something that is made possible by the cube. As long as certain products' revenue targets are reached, a percentage of sales comes to EiraCube's account, thus, making revenue sharing the second revenue stream for EiraCube.

The third source of revenue for EiraCube is the fee for advertising content deployment. We hate boring white label spaces in big department stores that blur producers' brands, so we decided to reinvent the use of a product's visual identity in the stores. As the image below shows, the cube can have the client's logos and colours to highlight and make people remember their brand. Another option provided in selected locations is a dedicated showroom where a consumer can more deeply engage with the product with the help of a robotic shopping assistant.



Page17



18 Page



5. Token Mechanics

Monetization of EiraCube tokens works as follows.

1. Clients pay cash for shelf space rental. The cash then accumulates on the one end of our smart contract.

2. Token holders willing to sell their RETTs deposit them on the other end of the smart contract.

3. The smart contract exchanges cash for tokens on a monthly basis. 4. The number of tokens goes down as we "burn" 0.1% of RETTs from every

transaction in the tokens. We also entitle our token holders with 100% of the chain net income in RETT through the token buyback program.



Page19



Growth.

mechanics are illustrated in the image above. As the company's value grows and the number of tokens reduces as we burn them, inevitably the price will grow. The reason behind the company's growth is that 15% of our revenue will be reinvested in opening new cubes that will generate new fiat inflow into the system (base scenario assumes 500+ cubes by the end of 2020). Importantly, the EiraCube leadership is compensated in tokens so our interests are fully in line with those of our token holders.

Token Liquidity.

is of the same importance for EiraCube as for the token holders, as a portion of the tokens will be reserved for further stages of the company's development. These to-kens will be offered to finance the company's expansion. The two key pillars we rely on are demand for the tokens from the merchants and the Bancor protocol mechanism. When a merchant pays, a smart contract converts that to RETTs and 0.1% of every transaction is "burned" which generates demand for them. Thus, there is al-ways a buyer for a token holder looking to sell the tokens.



Page20



The Bancor protocol will be used to stabilise token stock quote fluctuations and to provide free market making. The protocol has quickly been adopted by many successful crowdsale campaigns as a means for stabilising token quotes upon the end of their crowdsale campaign and is now considered industry standard. To provide our holders with the opportunity to monetize their expertise in retail, we created an additional layer of monetization. A token holder may deposit the token in a specific country, or even a shop instead of depositing on an entire chain. The token deposited in a country earns a 5-fold increased return from all EiraCubes set there, but only from the set chosen. A token deposited in a particular store would multiply the returns from a store by a factor of 10, but only from the shop chosen. The simple but powerful mechanics support liquidity by creating different expectations of the company's value and therefore the price of tokens.

RETT Token Utilisation addresses the question, how will token holders will be able to use RETT tokens? They will be able to use it as a currency and this will also move our business on. Individual customers at our cubes will be able to make retail payments, half in RETT tokens and half in fiat. Likewise, corporate clients who wish to lease shelf space in our cubes can make payment half in RETT tokens and half in fiat. This will contribute to potentially limitless RETT token liquidity growth with continuous token exchange between fiat and back again.



Page21



6. Technology Overview

The Cube

EiraCube is a fully robotic store with a turnkey physical human-free storefront and has rapid onboarding. The cube dimensions are 6 meters by 3 meters (18m2) on average, although a tailor-made form can be built to comply with the requirements of a location.

The cube hosts twelve SKUs and may stock 200 to 2000 product items in its inventory. The number of items stocked depends on their size. The merchants' advertising con-tent is communicated via twelve Full HD 22" screens located at each shelf and two 65" pure digital signage screens set at both ends of the shop. Once the customer has chosen and paid for the purchase via a POS console, an EiraBot AGV (Automated Guided Vehicle) robotic assistant retrieves the item from stock and delivers it to a dispensing gate for collection. Designed to offer an impactful shopping experience, each cube includes an integrated robot and store management system, dedicated Wi-Fi hotspot, point of sale touch screen, and payment system accepting fiat and crypto currencies.



Page22



The EiraBot

EiraBot is intended to be one of the best performing, most efficient and safe auto-mated guided vehicle robots on the market. Its key functionality will be to bring selected units of inventory to the collection station to fulfill a customer's order. The robot and the server driving it are communicating via the cube's Wi-Fi network. The solution does not require any major infrastructure to operate as EiraBot navigates by reading labels placed in the Cube.

The Software

A browser-based interface will be built around the dashboard that allows the merchants to monitor the most relevant customer analytics parameters and metrics in real time. The system will aggregate and analyse data from all the cubes selling the merchant's product which make EiraCube a lean sales tool ready-to-use for any merchant. It will allow sales to continuously improve through measuring engagement towards the product, adjusting marketing campaigns that are shown via the cube's display, or updating the pricing policy, all done in real time. That is the toolbox that all online merchants are using, however, in brick and mortar retail, no one has a similar system. Additionally, an AI-based assistant will advise merchants on the right pricing, positioning, and relevant geographies to better market the product. The screenshot below shows the system's features such as the statistics on visitor counts, visit duration and sales conversion.



Page23



Screenshots of a merchant's personal account with customers' data



Page24



7. Competition

WithMe. The concept that is the most similar to EiraCube is developed by a company called WithMe. It operates a chain of 30+ omni-channel pop-up stores; however, it has no robotic automation nor global coverage as it focuses purely on the US domestic market. Still, it raised $32 M from a venture capital firm VTF Capital.

b8ta. Another example of a similar concept is b8ta, a store that promotes a shelf-as-a-service model, earning money through renting out a shelf space to the producers of gadgets. It does not provide any automation nor specific branding solutions, and thus is not in direct competition with EiraCube. B8ta has raised $20M that indicates investors' appetite for innovation in the retail space.

AmazonGo. Ecommerce giants such as Amazon and Alibaba are also opening offline with Amazon Go as the most vivid example of the digital features, crucial for an ecommerce company in the brick and mortar environment. The shop is fully automated, reducing labour costs, it has no cash desk nor waiting lines and it provides a seamless payment process. Finally, it has a plethora of data collection devices that add to the pricing efficiency and inventory management.

The Competitive environment supports EiraCube rollout as, on the one hand, there are no direct competitors to the company's business model while, on the other hand, the features that EiraCube is built around are supported by global investors and the giants of ecommerce.



Page25



8. Proof of Concept

The project team has made some significant advancements since the launch of the company.

 Unilever Foundry, a corporate VC arm of the global FMCG leader has recently approached EiraCube with regards to potential minority investment;

 The EiraCube technology solution was selected by the Irish state-owned fund Enterprise Ireland. The company was named a High Potential Start Up and was provided with a grant;

 15 companies from the UK, Ireland, and Australia are negotiating contracts with EiraCube, including global real estate leaders such as Cushman & Wakefield and Unibail-Rodamco and some high-end shopping malls;

 EiraCube is a winner of multiple startup competitions, such as Tobaccoland Startup Factory.;



Page26



9. Project Road Map

The leadership team has established the following timeline for EiraCube.

https://www.enterprise-ireland.com/en/funding-supports/Company/HPSU-Funding/

 The product MVP is currently being developed and the release is set for April, 2018;  Based on the preliminary agreements signed, we will put the pilot cube in operation

by March 2018 in one of Dublin's leading malls;  In September, 2018 the first three cubes will be opened in the premier shopping

centers in the UK, Ireland and Australia;  Before 2020 another 30 stores will be added to the chain;  The goal for 2019 is to open another hundred cubes in the leading global malls;  In 2020 we wish to have over 300 shops launched across the globe.



Page27



10. Crowdsale Campaign Description

The key parameters of the crowdsale campaign will be set as follows:  Pre-ICO Soft Cap = US$1M  ICO Soft cap = US$3M  ICO Hard cap = US$30M

The pre-sale stage started in January 2018 and the start of the crowdsale campaign is scheduled for Spring 2018.

Overview

EiraCube's crowd sale campaign will be split into two stages: pre-ICO and ICO. This split allows us to provide substantial discounts for the pre-ICO stage and to demonstrate a fully functional product during the main campaign.

Pre-ICO started January 15 with a $USD 1 M soft cap and discounts of up to 40%. The discount will compensate early stage investors for the risk, allowing them to make a substantial gain upon the start of trading via cryptocurrency exchange.

The ICO will start in Spring 2018 and will offer to the public an opportunity to invest from $ USD 3 M to $USD 30 M.

Token sale technical aspects

EiraCube token sale will use Ethereum blockchain. The structure of the sale is presented in the image below. During the crowdsale there will be two ways to obtain RETT tokens: the first one is to send Ether directly to the Token sale contract. If a person wants to participate in the token sale using other cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin he or she would need to send the money to the founders in the dashboard, and the EiraCube backend will create a transaction to issue new tokens.



Page28



After that, in both scenarios, token sale contract will make a `contract call' to the RETT token contract to mint new tokens and allocate them to a public address of a contributor. Token sale contract is the only entity that will be able to mint tokens. After the end date of the token sale or once all the tokens have been sold, RETT founders will issue a transaction that will finalise the token sale. This will trigger minting the to-kens for the team and prevent future tokens from minting on the RETT Token Contract.



Page29



Bonus campaign

During the crowd sale campaign, all the participants will be allocated a number of RETT tokens depending on their contribution. Once the campaign is over, EiraCube will distribute the bonus -tokens on RETT smart contract. Bonuses for early Contributors, %



PRICE WITHOUT BONUSES: 1 RETT = 0.00333 ETH (1 ETH = 300 RETT)



Pre-ICO Start January 25, 2018, 10AM (GMT) End March 25, 2018, 10AM (GMT)

ICO: Days 1-3 Start May 1, 2018, 10AM (GMT) End May 4, 2018, 10AM (GMT)

ICO: Days 4-10 Start May 4, 2018, 10AM (GMT) End May 11, 2018, 10AM (GMT)

ICO: Days 11-15 Start May 11, 2018, 10AM (GMT) End May 16, 2018, 10AM (GMT)

ICO: Days 16-30 Start May 16, 2018, 10AM (GMT) End May 30, 2018, 10AM (GMT)



30 - 40% bonus



Bonus depends on the contribution amount:



Contribution



Bonus



Rate (per 1 ETH)



100 ETH and more 40%



420



RETT



10 - 100 ETH



35%



405



RETT



less than 10 ETH



30%



390



RETT



15 - 20% bonus



Bonus depends on the contribution amount:



Contribution



Bonus



Rate (per 1 ETH)



100 ETH and more 20%



360



RETT



10 - 100 ETH



17.5%



352.5



RETT



less than 10 ETH



15%



345



RETT



6 - 10% bonus



Bonus depends on the contribution amount:



Contribution



Bonus



Rate (per 1 ETH)



100 ETH and more 10%



330



RETT



10 - 100 ETH



8%



324



RETT



less than 10 ETH



6%



318



RETT



1 - 5% bonus



Bonus depends on the contribution amount:



Contribution



Bonus



Rate (per 1 ETH)



100 ETH and more 5%



315



RETT



10 - 100 ETH



3%



309



RETT



less than 10 ETH



1%



303



RETT



0% bonus No bonuses: Contribution Any contribution



Bonus 0%



Rate (per 1 ETH)



300



RETT



Page30



11. Use of Proceeds

1 Pre-sale

During the pre-sale and pre-ICO campaign, an amount equal to USD 1 M will be raised from the qualified investor base. The funds raised in the pre-sale and preICO campaign will be used to develop, build and deploy a pilot shop in a leading shopping mall in London. Of the USD 1 M raised, USD 100-200 k will be spent to acquire necessary material and components and USD 300-400 k to finance further R&D processes to create a scalable product. Another USD 500 k is needed to cover marketing and operational expenses. We estimate that USD 500 k would be spent on production of the EiraBots and the cube itself, while the other USD 500 k will finance Marketing and Operating expenses.

2 Crowd sale

The main campaign will raise funds for EiraCube's global rollout. The goal is to raise USD 3-30 M, sufficient to build 10-300 cubes in the leading shopping malls of the world and to create a management company for the EiraCube retail chain. For these cubes, the cost per cube decreases due to the scale effect as there will not be any major development expenses. The ongoing operating expenses will be financed by the operating activities of the business.



Page31



12. EiraCube Advisory Team

Steeve Brooks US Pop-Up retail advisor

 Worldwide renowned known expert on pop-up stores  30+ years' experience developing solutions for shop-ping

malls such as. product demonstrations, kiosk operations, and pop-up stores  Clients include Xerox, T-Mobile, and  www.linkedin.com/in/stephenabrooks1

Laura Wynch UK Market Advisor

 Associate partner at Validify, an innovation consultancy for retail industry

 10+ years in management consulting focused on innovative solutions for retailers in the UK www.linkedin.com/in/laurawynch

Tad Shepperd Retail innovation advisor

 Entrepreneur and business leader with proven record of success in leading both start-up and mid-sized companies through dramatic growth

 20+ years' experience  developing innovative solutions for retailers such as video

based counting technology or Wi-Fi driven shopper behavior analytics www.linkedin.com/in/tad-shepperd-b79361



Page32



Frank Hannigan Enterprise Ireland Advisor

 Senior advisor at Enterprise Growth program at EBRD, advisor to a number of public and private boards on enterprise development

 Partner at a VC investment fund  Co-founded several successful ventures in digital space for

retailers https://www.linkedin.com/in/hanniganfrank/

Conor Carmody Partnership Advisor

 Partner at Strategic Solutions, a leading independent consultancy focused on Strategic Growth

 Co-founder of Sales Personas, a sales improvement advisory firm www.linkedin.com/in/conorcarmody/



Page33



13. EiraCube Team

The project's team is backed by a team of seasoned entrepreneurs and executives coming from retail and robotics with over 50 years of total experience both in blue-chip tech companies and in startups. The overall team of the company comprises more than 30 engineers with background in hardware and software development for the leading international companies. The team can be seen at our corporate page in LinkedIn.

Kosta Dubinin Team Leader and Ideologist

 10+ years' experience as a serial entrepreneur  Founded AK-Techno, a security system integrator. In 2012 he

successfully exited the company  Founded Global Satellites Technology, a satellite and

internet connectivity venture  Founded and raised ca. $1M for CountBox, a retail analytics

developer www.linkedin.com/in/konstantindubinin/

Frank Deasy Sales Ambassador

 + years' experience in international business development  Founded Safepak, a leading developer of packaging

solutions for global retailers  Strong network across retail industry in Europe and China

www.linkedin.com/in/frank-deasy-05054815/



Page34



Alex Belenky Marketing and Partnerships

 17+ years' experience in sales and marketing roles and in global partnerships development

 Tech powerhouses veteran with senior executive experience at Nokia, Accenture, Nortel, Huawei, and Google www.linkedin.com/in/abelenky

Andrey Struykov CTO and Blockchain Expert

 16+ years' experience in software development in international companies

 Co-founder and CTO of CountBOX, a multimillion US-based retail automation company https://www.linkedin.com/in/countbox/



Page35



14. Our History

2004 first business took off

The cradle of EiraCube was a company named `Global Satellites Technologies' that was started with just 5 stores and 8 full-time employees. The business was selling high-speed one-way and dual-ways satellite internet and television access in the B-to-B and B-to-C space. Having secured a direct contract with Chinese manufacturers, it was fulfilling more than 1500 customer orders per year until 2008 when the global cri-sis made us sell the company.

2008 rise of tech security business

The new reality focused on risk and security management after the crisis brought us to a new business model. The business opportunity now lay in improving the security side of our corporate clients. The venture called `AK-Techno' was providing integrated security platforms that included security cameras, antitheft systems and fire alarm solutions. The clients mostly came from the retail industry. In just two years we had over 50 employees, several dozens of corporate clients, more than 1500 locations equipped with our solutions and revenues well above $1M. In 2012 the company was successfully sold to a private investor as we found our next challenging journey  retail analytics.

2010 bricks and mortar customer analytics

As the security systems venture had been growing steadily, the team faced strong demand from its clients to provide sensors to gather data on their customers. The first in line was Hgl (Austrian shoes company), who asked for a simple solution to count their stores visitors. That was the start of our new venture, CountBOX. Since then the CountBOX solution has been implemented in more than 3500 locations across the globe, while CountBOX has launched two innovative cloud retail analytic platforms and secured over 200 premier brands as clients including names such as Harley Davidson, NASCAR, Pandora Jewelry, Mitsubishi, Yves Rocher, Levi's, Schlumberger, and Swarovski. The company has recently raised $1M+ during a seed stage round and is now present in Sydney, Chicago, Moscow and Dublin.



Page36



2017 go-beyond opportunity

Having secured strong relationships with hundreds of retailers and global market experts, we crafted a new business model that lay in the field of robotics, retail and analytics, a fully automated pop-up store driven by robots. We are already at MVP stage and are going to build our first store soon. We have received a wave of positive feedback from property owners willing to host it, from brands to hire it and from customers to try a new "feel and touch" experience.



Page37



15. Our Partners



One of the largest UK real estate investment funds

that has 23 prime shopping centres in the UK, Ireland and France, 17 retail parks in the UK and

20 premium outlets in Europe



A shopping centre company, operating 40 malls across the US and Europe with c.$30M assets

under management



The largest commercial real estate services firms

with operations in 70+ countries, revenues of $6bln, and 4.3 billion square feet commercial

property under management



One of the largest property development

and invest-ment companies in the UK that has a portfolio valued at

13.4 billion including Meadowhall shopping center (one of the largest in the UK) and Regent's Place near Warren Station.



A British Real Estate Investment Trust (REIT),

largely focused on shopping center management and development. The company owns 18 shopping centres in the UK



European company specializing in commercial property investments with

EUR40 bln assets under management and 89 shopping centres in 12 European countries in

portfolio.



Page38



16. Legal Section

All matters associated with this EiraCube project, including the terms of distribution of RETT tokens (Terms and Conditions of Token Sale Agreement) are available at: http://eiracube.io/.

You acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated with purchasing, holding, using and disposing of RETT tokens in connection with the services, stores and the EiraCube project itself, as disclosed and explained in this document and in the Terms and Conditions of Token Sale Agreement.

If you have any questions regarding any of the risks please contact us at info@eiracube.io.

Any person purchasing EiraCube products, services or RETT tokens (the "Purchaser") expressly acknowledges technical and market uncertainties which are inherent in any business development projects as presented in this document and that this project, therefore, may not come to a final realization as planned or may have to be abandoned, or the rights or Purchasers who are RETT token holders may vary significantly from those listed in this document or any documents available at http://eiracube.io/.

The Purchaser expressly acknowledges and accepts that he will not be entitled to and shall not sue or bring any direct or indirect legal action or lawsuit before any courts, regulators, arbitration bodies and/or any alternative dispute settlement bodies against Invention Bridge SLU, its affiliates, directors, shareholders, employees, advisors and/or subcontractors (the "EiraCube Parties") in the event of the non-performance, non-deployment or non-implementation of the EiraCube project, even in cases where RETT tokens have lost some or all of their value.



Page39



In addition, none of the EiraCube Parties may in any way be held liable, without limitation, for any of the following: (1) any delays with implementation of the EiraCube project at any stage for the reasons out of reasonable and fair control of the EiraCube Parties; (2) any changes to the business strategy of the EiraCube project to be made solely by the EiraCube Parties; (3) any limitations to the rights of RETT token holders at any stage; (4)any non-compliance of the Purchasers with applicable laws and regulations; (5) any changes to this document, the Terms and Conditions of To-ken Sale Agreement and any other documents or materials available at http://eiracube.io/ (6) any technical failures in smart contract(s) operations; (7) non-performance, failure or unavailability of the services due to a third party or the Purchaser breach of obligations; (8) indirect or direct damages and losses related to purchase from EiraCube by the Purchaser of any services, products or RETT tokens; (9) suspension of access, temporary or permanent suspension of the EiraCube project (in particular, arising from a request issued by an appropriate administrative or judicial authority, or notification received from a third party); (10) loss, alteration or destruction of all or part of the content (information, data, applications, files or other items) hosted on the infrastructure and data backups in particular; (11) mismatch be-tween the EiraCube services and the Purchaser's needs (in particular, with regard to the sensitivity of the relevant data); (12) security incidents relating to use of the Inter-net, concerning in particular the loss, alteration, destruction, disclosure or unauthorized access to the Purchaser's data or details on or via the Internet; and/or (13) damages to systems, applications and other items installed by the Purchaser on any infrastructure.

This document does not constitute an offer or an invitation to sell shares, securities or rights of Invention Bridge SLU or any affiliated entity. None of the information or analyses described in this document is intended to provide a basis for an investment decision, and no specific investment recommendation is made. Accordingly, this document does not constitute investment advice or an invitation to invest in any security or financial instrument of any nature whatsoever.

This document does not constitute or form part of, and should not be construed as, an offer for a sale or subscription, or an invitation to buy or subscribe securities or financial instruments. This document, or any of its component parts, does not constitute the basis for, or should not be used as a basis for, or in connection with, a con-tract for the sale of securities or financial instruments or a commitment to sell securities or financial instruments of any kind.



Page40



Invention Bridge SLU expressly disclaims any liability for any direct or indirect loss or damage of any kind arising directly or indirectly from: (i) any reliance on the information contained in this document; (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in said in-formation; or (iii) any resulting action that may be brought.

RETT tokens do not represent an investment in a security or a financial instrument within the meaning of EU law and EU Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 May 2014 relating to markets in financial instruments. RETT tokens provide no direct or indirect rights to Invention Bridge SLU equity or in-come, nor any corporate governance rights in Invention Bridge SLU or over EiraCube project. RETT token does not provide any title in any assets, shares, or any other assets of Invention Bridge SLU.

RETT is not a regular currency or an electronic currency within the meaning of EU Directive 2009/110/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 relating to access to and pursuit of the business of electronic currency institutions. RETT tokens are not accepted outside the EiraCube project system and RETT does not have a fixed exchange value equal to the amount delivered at the time of its issue. RETT is not a payment service within the meaning of EU Directive 2007/64/EC of 13 November 2007 relating to payment services in the internal market, nor within the meaning of EU Directive N 2015/2366 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015. ICO does not involve sale of RETT tokens for regular currencies. RETT token is not a means of payment. RETT is a cryptographic token used in the EiraCube project, an unregulated, digital asset, issued and controlled by its developers, and used and accepted by the members of the EiraCube community.

Warnings on the risks inherent to the ICO Participation in the ICO is reserved for natural or legal persons acting within the scope of their professional activities. Any private individual acting on a non-professional basis as a simple consumer within the meaning of EU Directive 2011/83/EU relating to consumer rights is excluded from the ICO.



Page41



PURCHASE LIMITATIONS

THE COMPANY SHALL RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE SELLING RETT TOKENS TO ANYONE WHO DOES NOT MEET CRITERIA NECESSERY FOR THEIR BUYING BY THE APPLICABLE LAW.

REGULATORY RISK

The ICO, RETT tokens sale and operation of the EiraCube project may be impacted by the passing of restrictive laws, the publication of restrictive or negative opinions, the issuing of injunctions by national regulators, the initiation of regulatory actions or investigations, including but not limited to restrictions on the use or ownership of digital tokens such as RETT, which may prevent or significantly limit use of RETT and development of the EiraCube project. In the absence of crypto-currency laws and regulations in most countries, each Purchaser is strongly advised to carry out its own legal and tax analysis concerning the purchase and ownership of RETT tokens ac-cording to the Purchaser's nationality and place of residence in the domicile country.

RISK OF ICO RESULTS

The results of the EiraCube ICO may significantly differ depending on a number of factors which fall out of reasonable and fair control of the EiraCube Parties. Each Purchaser shall familiarize himself with the Terms of Tokens Sale available at http://eiracube.io/ and shall accept the risk of unsuccessful or incomplete ICO of the EiraCube project.

RISK OF THEFT AND HACKERS ATTACKS

Hackers or other malicious, criminal groups and organizations may attempt to interfere with the EiraCube project software or influence the availability of RETT tokens in several ways including, but not limited to, computer attacks. EiraCube will take all reasonable precautions and implement steps to maintain technical and organizational means of protection of the EiraCube project software and RETT tokens but cannot fully exclude the risks of technical interruptions by third parties which may result in loss by the Purchasers of RETT tokens or another digital or crypto assets, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum by the Purchasers.

RISK OF A MARKET VOLATILITY

The EiraCube project is a startup and the Purchasers may suffer from significant market value fluctuations of RETT tokens depending on a number of factors out of reasonable and fair control of the EiraCube Parties. In the absence of online or real-world exchanges or trading platforms on which RETT tokens can be officially traded the RETT tokens value on the secondary markets may be unclear, misleading or deceptive.



Page42



RISK OF AN UNINSURED LOSS

Unlike banks or another regulated financial institution, which funds are subject to mandatory insurance, digital assets or cryptocurrencies are uninsured and unsecured. The Purchasers acknowledge the risk of a loss of RETT tokens value.

RISK OF WINDING-UP OR DISSOLUTION

For a number of reasons including, but not limited to, an unfavorable fluctuation in Bitcoin, Ethereum or other crypto currency or other value, an unpredictable fluctuation in RETT tokens value, the failure of business relationships or significant changes in market conditions or regulatory regime, the EiraCube project may no longer be a viable activity and may be dissolved or simply not launched.

KYC/AML COMPLIANCE

As part of the Know Your Customer procedure (KYC) and Anti-Money Laundering compliance (AML), the Purchasers will have to provide EiraCube with the documents and/or information requested as a part of KYC/AML compliance check.



Page43



