SUMMARY

We present the project for the implementation of a unique investment blockchain product - the ELCoin derivative, which is based on real manufacture and is backed by a reliable product constantly in demand worldwide - medical and health equipment, supplemented with Blockchain Medical Platform.

We offer an ambitious project covering several areas in the medical and healthcare industry, linking them in a single structure. We distinguish two major focus areas of our project: - Manufacturing of medical and healthcare equipment, on the ground of a global base of scientific and technological knowledge and proprietary developments; - Creation of a web based Medical Platform, using blockchain technologies to fully support physicians and healthcare professionals, as well as people in need of medical care, counseling or simply interested in health issues and healthy lifestyle.

One of the biggest advantages of our project is the fact, that it is based on a real and working production business. The company is established in 1993 in Moscow. The main kind of activity is production of wellness and medical equipment, consultations and training. We are working with the number of doctors and practitioners from different countries. In 2015 we decided to begin transferring our main activities to European Union. The same year we registered the company in Riga, Latvia under the name Scientific and Production Enterprise (S.P.E. ELIS). Owners of ELCoins are fully protected, as they can always decide, whether to exchange ELCoins for real products with a discount, or keep them for further actions. At the moment, our company is developing a number of new medical devices and the Blockchain Medical Platform for the implementation of the project. To date, we have already invested more than US$ 2,5 million in researches and development. We decided to opt for fundraising through the blockchain system and entering the ICO in order to accelerate the completion of the commenced unique developments that have no analogues in the world and the subsequent entry into the world market.

The project has not only an attractive and highly profitable financial side, but also a high social importance and responsibility as it is meant to increase the availability of medical and healthcare services, to improve the diagnostics capabilities of various diseases, in particular cardiovascular diseases, to enhance the quality of life, to significantly increase the rate of healing and timely assistance.



https://elcoin.io



2



TABLE OF CONTENTS

1. Introduction 2. Market overview 3. Developed equipment

- Apparatus CARDIO - Apparatus QUANTUM - Apparatus PROFESSIONAL 4. ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform 5. Timeline 6. Economic Model 7. Distribution of ELC tokens 8. Project Team 9. Disclaimer 10.References



https://elcoin.io



3



INTRODUCTION



Nowadays, modern medicine faces a number of new challenges and issues that need to be addressed in the near future. The issues are very diverse, among which the following can be distinguished:



1. Untimely diagnostics of diseases, where the role playing factors are: inadequate availability of medical services for patients (especially in developing countries); not always responsible attitude of people to their health; the current pace of life, when a person does not always have enough time for health screening; commonly high cost of medical services;

2. Ineffective allocation of financial assets and other resources. A report by the Institute of Medicine suggests a third or more of health costs are wasted (Forbes).

3. In some cases, too conservative views and rejection of new technologies; 4. Lack of communication between experts in different fields; 5. In some cases, the impossibility of a quick consultation with several specialists from one area of

medicine; 6. Not always qualitative diagnostics and the subsequent appointment of treatment; 7. Centralized data management. Often, data on the health of patients are accumulated and used by

large companies for their own purposes. Physicians and specialists do not have access to data; 8. Appearance of a number of diseases at an earlier age due to stresses, poor environment, insufficient

awareness of people about the measures to reduce the risk of developing various diseases; 9. Rapid aging of the population;



The goal of the project is to contribute to solving a number of problems that occur in the world medicine. We offer a comprehensive solution that is based on world scientific knowledge and proprietary developments in the field of diagnostics, treatment, prevention of a wide range of diseases, including the most common ones cardiovascular diseases. The release of the devices will successfully complement the creation of a decentralized system of blockchain medicine, aiming to expand the availability of medical services, improve their quality, reliability, and disseminate the maximum amount of information related to human health within the community. Thanks to our project, the community will have access to a qualitatively new level of healthcare and longevity, as already hundreds of thousands of people have, who use the technologies and equipment produced by our company.



Objectives of the project:



-



Development and production of portable and professional medical, healthcare and



cosmetology equipment



-



Development and implementation of the Blockchain Medical Platform



-



Research of new technologies for the further creation of new devices



-



Registration and patenting of products in the markets of the EU, North America, Australia,



Russia, Asia, the Middle East and others.



-



Creation of a network of healthcare centers under our own brand



https://elcoin.io



4



MARKET OVERVIEW

The cost of medicine in the world is constantly growing. This is influenced by many factors, including the increase and aging of the population, economic growth in developing countries, and others. According to the World Bank's report, world health spending will exceed $12 trillion in 2022 (fig 1).

(Fig. 1).



https://elcoin.io



5



MARKET OVERVIEW

The age of the Earth's population is of great importance. By 2050, it is estimated that more than 22% of the world's population will be over 60, given the fact that by that time the world's population could reach 9 billion people (Fig. 2).

(Fig. 2).



A significant part of the costs are spent on medical and recreational equipment. A new report by Visiongain predicts the global medical devices market will reach $398.0 billion in 2017. That industry generated $321.0bn in 2012, and its revenues will show strong growth to 2023. (Visiongain is a business information provider based in London, UK).



https://elcoin.io



6



MARKET OVERVIEW

If we look at the statistics of the most financed digital medical startups in the US (Fig. 3), then we see that our project falls into several categories: telemedicine, analytics (blockchain platform) and medical equipment. This shows the great potential of our project in terms of implementation and further profitability.

(Fig. 3).



https://elcoin.io



7



MARKET OVERVIEW

Complementary medicine

Today, medicine is divided into 2 main groups - Conventional medicine and Complementary medicine.

Our company works in both fields, trying as far as possible to cover the widest possible market. The figures for the volume of the conventional medicine market are given above. In its turn, complementary medicine is also an attractive enough and expanding market, which at the moment is experiencing a significant shortage of highquality, effective and professional equipment, and especially portable devices for personal daily use. Therefore, one of the operation areas of our company is the supply of equipment for medicine, which is considered to be complementary.

According to the European Commission, more than 65% of the population of the European Union at least once resorted to the services of complementary medicine. More than 360,000 experts work in the EU market in thousands of clinics. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that more than 100 million people in Europe use the services of complementary medicine. Much more services of such medicine are used in North America, Australia, Asia, and Africa.



https://elcoin.io



8



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT

I. Apparatus

Cardiovascular diseases (CVD) are the leading cause of death worldwide: for no other reason, as many people die each year as from CVD. According to the World Health Organization, in 2012, 17.5 million people died from CVD, accounting for 31% of all deaths worldwide (Fig.4).

(Fig. 4).



The WHO identifies several important factors to prevent serious consequences from CVDs:



-



The way to improve the outcome of CVDs is through early diagnostics of these diseases,



because CVD is asymptomatic in the early stages. The use of diagnostic tools should be preventive and



be aimed at identifying individuals at risk of developing heart attacks and strokes.



-



An important factor is that the risk of developing coronary heart disease and stroke in women is



often underestimated because of the mistaken belief that women are protected from CVDs. In the



clinical picture of CVD, women sometimes have some differences, leading to incorrect diagnosis and



treatment.



-



Increased blood pressure is an important risk factor for strokes and heart attacks, as well as heart



failure, impaired renal function, peripheral blood vessel disease, and vision loss. Early detection and



treatment of hypertension in order to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease in people with high blood



pressure is vital for the prevention of strokes and heart attacks.



-



Prevention of CVDs should be lifelong



-



Basic technology should be affordable and easy to use in the field.



https://elcoin.io



9



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT



Market overview.

Currently, there are a number of devices on the market of portable equipment, capable of diagnosing the cardiovascular system of a person. However, they do not provide sufficient diagnostics. Below are the characteristics of some devices, presented on the market:



CARDIOTRACK



It is a 12-channel ECG monitor with remote transmittance of information to a smartphone running on Android. The device takes an electrocardiogram and requires an analysis of the findings by a physician. The battery lasts 6 hours. The price is 900-1000 Euros.



ANGISCAN

The device evaluates 10 indicators of the cardiovascular system. It is not portable, requires a connection to the computer. Diagnostics can only be carried out by an expert. The price is 3400 Euros.



GLOBUS



The device evaluates 20 parameters of the cardiovascular system. It is equipped with a monochrome display, works on batteries, does not have a built-in battery.



https://elcoin.io



10



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT



At the moment, our company develops the following CARDIO apparatus, which requires funding for the completion of ongoing work and release to the market



CARDIO



Device Features



- A unique device that has no analogues in the world



- Forecasts the probability of a heart attack or stroke with an accuracy of 95% - It can save a person's life!



- Based on a number of scientific knowledge and the most up-to-date proprietary developments



- Measures and analyzes up



to 77 most important



indicators



of



the



cardiovascular system



- Easy to use.



- Possibility of remote data transmission



- Specialized software for physicians



- Support for users through online consultations and the Blockchain Medical Platform.



- Early diagnostics of cardiovascular diseases. CARDIO timely reveals the disease.



- Specific mode for athletes. Helps in determining the stresses and drawing up cardio workouts



- Working modes for adults and children



- Saves time. It is possible to conduct daily diagnostics on a number of major parameters at home. In many cases, there is no need for a stationary examinations.



- Saves money. In major cases, there is no need for expensive clinic examinations.



- Portability. The device can be taken in travels, trips, used during the day at work or at home.



- Built-in Li-Ion battery



- Colorful touch screen display



- User-friendly interface



- Made from special medical materials



https://elcoin.io



11



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT



How the device works

The device is being developed since 2014 together with leading scientists and physicians in the field of cardiovascular diseases. In 2017, preliminary clinical trials of the prototype were successfully carried out. The obtained results testify to the conformity of the device to the declared unique features and show the huge potential of its application. The CARDIO is not just a device, but a whole complex of scientific and technological research. Through the system of sensors, which are attached to several points on the human body, the device takes off the data of 77 indicators of the cardiovascular system. Then, specially developed algorithms analyze the received data, and the device displays information on the device display with a diagnosis. By doing so, the device will be able to predict the likelihood of a heart attack and stroke in a person with a very high accuracy, up to 95%. With the help of remote transmission of information and special software developed by us, the data can be processed by medical experts for more in-depth analysis. This, for example, will be necessary to assess the permissible loads for athletes and to prevent excessive effects on the cardiovascular system.

II. Device Features



QUANTUM



- Symbiosis of age-old



scientific knowledge and the



most



up-to-date



technologies in the field of



cosmetology



- Effectively restores human skin, gives the skin firmness and rejuvenation



- Favorably affects the body



- Saves time. There is no need to regularly attend procedures in the salons. It is convenient to carry out procedures at home.



- Saves money. The cost of a course of similar impact, consisting of several sessions in the clinic can reach several thousand USD. The cost of the device does not exceed 1000 USD.



- Portability. The device can be taken in travels, trips. - Support for the user through online consultations and the developed Blockchain Medical Platform. - The device is equipped with a Li-Ion battery. - Convenient quantum radiator - User-friendly interface - Colorful touch screen display - User-friendly interface - The device is made of special medical materials - Several modifications with the number of programs from 40 to 100



https://elcoin.io



12



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT

Every person wants not only to feel good, but also to look good. Our company has developed a unique cosmetology device that combines age-old knowledge and modern technologies in cosmetology. Skin rejuvenation by Quantum is an innovative technique in the field of aesthetic medicine and correction of agerelated changes in the skin, providing the opportunity to effectively affect various skin areas and does not require time to recover after a therapy session.

How the device works

The device emits light pulses of a different frequency and power depending on the selected program through a quantum accessory. In this case, the device affects Collagen and Elastin - proteins, which are the components of connective tissue, ensuring the strength, flexibility and elasticity of our skin. The process of recovery of these proteins past the age of 25-30 is significantly slowed down, after which the skin ceases to be as elastic, begins to age. This property of the effect on proteins was obtained in the course of various tests and testing of our equipment, especially when working on restoring the joints, since collagen is contained in joint cartilage. Under the influence of light in the skin molecules, light energy is converted into thermal energy, which leads to the destruction of pigmented formations, the disappearance of dilated vessels, returning radiant purity and elasticity to the skin. This technology is an effective, safe and painless method, which makes it possible to get rid of wrinkles, dark circles under the eyes, edema, pigment spots, vascular asterisks, etc.



However, the effectiveness of the device is not limited only to exposure to human skin. By affecting certain points



on the face and the auricles of the person, where the projections of the organs are located, the device gives an



effect similar to acupuncture - a point massage, which has been studied in ancient China, Vietnam and India.



Famous English neurologist Henry Head described in detail the areas of skin in which diseases of internal organs



are reflected. Such zones are called



zones. By affecting the points, the device smoothes wrinkles not only



by affecting collagen, but also through beneficial effects on various organs. As it is known, the wrinkles on the



face are affected not only by the cessation of collagen production, but also by the malfunctioning of the organs



and systems of the body.



https://elcoin.io



13



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT



With the help of Quantum, it is possible to restore different areas of the skin from various injuries, including burns, scars, other mechanical injuries, as well as various manifestations on the skin.

III. Apparatus

PROFESSIONAL



The device is intended for specialists and physicians who use traditional and non-traditional methods of diagnosis and treatment.



https://elcoin.io



14



DEVELOPED EQUIPMENT

Device Features

- Measures the electrical parameters of the biologically active zones (BAZ) by R. Voll method; - Measures the electrical parameters of biologically active points (BAP) according to the R. Voll method (including corporeal, head and auricular points); - Conducts topical, syndromic, nosological and local (for example, determining the extent of injury of the spine, paranasal sinuses, teeth) diagnosis; - Conducts drug testing (evaluation of the effects of various pharmacological and non-pharmacological agents on the human body); - Conducts medical testing with the help of a built-in medicament selector; - Conducts a vegetative resonance test by the method of H. Shimmel; - Conducts electroacupuncture therapy; electromagnetic therapy; quantum therapy; - Conducts bioresonance therapy according to the method of F.Morel and E.Rashe; complex therapy (the regime under which bioresonance therapy is conducted together with electromagnetic therapy with related auto nosode and preparations from the medicament selector). - Support for the user through online consultations and the developed Blockchain Medical Platform. - Special software for physicians - Proven high efficiency of devices of this type - Diagnostics and treatment are implemented simultaneously - Device is equipped with a Li-Ion battery - User-friendly interface

To date, a prototype of the device has been developed. Preliminary clinical and technical tests have been carried out. The obtained results testify to the conformity of the device with the declared functionality and the need for the completion of the development for launching the production. The device will work together with specially developed software, which will simplify its use by specialists.



https://elcoin.io



15



ELCoin BLOCKCHAIN MEDICAL PLATFORM



To date, modern technologies in the field of telecommunications and data transmission are increasingly being used in medicine. The most obvious example is telemedicine, which is developing very rapidly. According to the WHO definition: Telemedicine is the provision of health services in a situation where distance is a critical factor by health workers using information and communication technologies to exchange the necessary information for the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of diseases and injuries, research and evaluation, and for the continuing education of health professionals in the interest of improving public health and the development of local communities.



The WHO conducted a large-scale study on telemedicine. It revealed both its positive aspects, and a great potential for growth, as well as a number of obstacles to its spread. The following advantages can be attributed to indisputable advantages:



-



Telemedicine has a great potential to reduce the uncertainty of diagnoses, as well as to improve



clinical management practices and the provision of medical services around the world by increasing



accessibility, quality, efficacy of treatment and cost-effectiveness;



-



Telemedicine can be very useful for traditional communities living in remote and rural areas



with low availability of medical services;



-



The results of the studies indicate important socio-economic benefits for patients, their families,



health workers and the entire health care system.



The WHO regards the following factors as obstacles:



-



A complex of human and cultural factors. Some patients and health professionals are resistant



to models that are different from traditional approaches or local practices, while others are not



sufficiently literate in using ICT to effectively use telemedicine methods;



-



The most significant obstacle is the linguistic and cultural differences between patients and



providers of health services;



-



Legal issues;



Despite a number of tasks that are to be solved, the telemedicine market is forecasting significant growth. Today, this market is estimated at about $23 billion. The growth forecast indicates that by 2021 it will reach a volume of not less than $41 billion (fig 5). This shows the great potential of using the latest technologies and solutions in the field of electronic data interchange in order to improve the availability and quality of medical and health services provided.



https://elcoin.io



16



ELCoin BLOCKCHAIN MEDICAL PLATFORM

(Fig. 5).



We have analyzed the current situation in the field of telemedicine and are sure that the proposed version of blockchain medicine will complement the positive aspects of telemedicine, while at the same time it will overcome some of its negative aspects and obstacles.



The project proposes to unite physicians and health professionals from various areas into one system on the one hand, and patients on the other.



ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform is a decentralized platform that enables secure, fast and transparent



exchange and usage of medical data. We introduce utilization of blockchain technology to store patient health



records and maintain a single version of the



true data. ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform will enable



different healthcare agents such as doctors, hospitals, laboratories, pharmacists and insurers to request



permission to access and interact with medical records. Each interaction is auditable, transparent, and secure, and



will be recorded as a transaction on



distributed ledger. Moreover, no privacy is lost in this process;



ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform is built on the permission based Hyperledger Fabric architecture which



allows varying access levels; patients control who can view their records, how much they see and for what length



of time.



Hyperledger Fabric is built by The Linux Foundation, in collaboration with IBM and many other enterprises. It is



designed for organizations that need to meet confidential obligations to each other without passing everything



through a central authority and ensuring confidentiality, scalability and security. At least seven well known banks



have selected Hyperledger Fabric to address the challenge of managing, tracking and securing domestic and



international trade transactions. ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform brings this technology to provide state of the



art solutions to



health record problems. By digitizing health records and empowering users we can



leverage countless industry synergies. As an example, users could license access to their health record to



pharmaceutical companies in exchange for tokens.



https://elcoin.io



17



ELCoin BLOCKCHAIN MEDICAL PLATFORM

We plan that the implemented system will accumulate information on the diseases and methods of their treatment. All information will be evaluated only by highly professional experts in their field of medicine and health improvement. This function will be duplicated several times in order to avoid errors. The platform will be filled with educational literature, descriptions of various techniques, discussion sections for physicians, experts and patients. Online seminars, trainings and conferences will be held. From the point of view of social benefits, people will be informed through the platform about the need to keep a healthy lifestyle in order to prevent the development of a number of diseases.



https://elcoin.io



18



TIMELINE



1993. Foundation of Scientific and Production

Enterprise ELIS



2011-2013. Registration in Belarus, Ukraine, Kazakhstan,

Kyrgyzstan, Israel

2015. Registration of company in European Union, Latvia

October 2016. First educational seminars in European Union, Athens.

Q4 2017 Q1 2018. PRE SALE and ICO

Q2-Q3 2018. End of development of Cardio and Professional devices. Start registration in European

Union and Russia.

Q4 2018 Q1 2019. Cardio, Professional. End of registration in Russia. Start sales.

Q2 2019 Q3 2019. Cardio, Professional. End of registration in

European Union. Start sales.

Q3-Q4 2019. Reaching sales volumes not less then 2.000 devices per month

Q4 2019. Start registration of devices in Middle East and Australia

Q2 2020. End of registration and start sales in USA and Canada.

2021. Entrance to the markets of South-East Asia, Latin America and

Africa

2022. Development of a network of healthcare centers in different countries

under own brand



1994. Registration in Russia and beginning of production

2014. Start of development of CARDIO apparatus

2016. Start of development of Professional and Quantum

2017. Start of development of Blockchain Medical Platform

Q2 2018 End of development and start of production of Quantum apparatus

Q3 2018. Launch of test version of Blockchain Medical Platform

Q1 2019. Launch of Blockchain Medical Platform. Start registration of devices in USA and Canada

Q3 2019. Foundation of own Training and Education Academy

Q3-Q4 2019. End of development of device for sleep enhancement and stress regulation. Developments and

researches and are being carried our since 2010.

Q1 2020. Reaching sales volumes not less then 5.000 devices per month

Q 3- Q4 2020 End of registration of devices in Middle East and Australia

2021. Reaching sales volumes not less then 10.000 devices per month



https://elcoin.io



19



ECONOMIC MODEL



The project involves raising funds in the ELCoin derivative, which is implemented as a financial instrument on the Etherium platform and is backed with a real product - medical and health-improving electronic devices of various targeting, supplemented by a global ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform. The profit of our enterprise at the first stage will be provided by two sources of revenue:

1. Revenues from the sale of devices manufactured by our company. To this end, a network of dealers is already being created, who will have dealer discounts and special conditions. Dealers include physicians and professionals, wholesale dealers of medical equipment, enterprises in the field of sports and fitness, clinics and medical offices, other interested persons. At the moment, dealers are already working or in the negotiating stage in the following countries: United Kingdom and Ireland, Spain, Portugal, Turkey, Greece and Cyprus, Bulgaria, the Baltic States (Lithuania, Latvia, Estonia), Finland, Norway, Hong Kong, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, USA and Canada.

Table 1 shows the plan of sales of devices from 2018 to 2023. The following prices for the devices are planned: Cardio USD 1000 Quantum 40 USD 600 Quantum 60 USD 800 Quantum 100 USD 1000 Professional USD 5000 Antiparasitic/Therapeutical (currently produced) USD 600

For more vivid calculations, we took the average price of the device to be 800 dollars per unit, based on the mass sale of portable devices. From 2018 to 2019, we plan to triple the sales of devices due to the release of new models. From 2019 to 2021, we plan to increase sales by at least 100% per year due to the development of new markets, pursuing an aggressive policy of product promotion. Since 2022, we are planning a minimum annual sales growth of 30% per year. However, we hope that the constant scientific research and production of new types of equipment will allow us to reach the growth rate at the level of 50%. The estimated cost of the equipment, which includes costs for the purchase of components, the production of cases and packaging, advertising and marketing, administrative costs, as well as the interests of dealers of our equipment, will not exceed 65% of the final price of the devices.



Table 1. Planed revenues from the sale of devices.



YEAR Quantity of devices sold Average retail price, USD

Revenue, USD Expenses. Including components, manufacturing, marketing, administration and other costs + discounts for dealers. Around 65% of the retail price, USD

Revenue before taxes, USD



Planed revenues from the sale of devices



2018



2019



2020



2021



8.000



25.000



50.000



100.000



800



800



800



800



6.400.000 20.000.000 40.000.000 80.000.000



4.160.000 13.000.000 26.000.000 52.000.000



2.240.000 7.000.000 14.000.000 28.000.000



2022 130.000

800 104.000.000



2023 170.000

800 136.000.000



67.600.000 88.400.000



36.400.000 47.600.000



https://elcoin.io



20



ECONOMIC MODEL



2. The second source of revenue will be the profit from the operation of the ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform. These revenues will consist of the annual contributions of physicians, experts, patients and other stakeholders for the use of the platform. The main users will be buyers of our devices. In addition, we also plan to widely disseminate information about the blockchain platform to people who are not users of our products. We plan that on average at least 70% of the people, who purchased our devices will be registered on the platform and continue to register for further support of work with the devices. We plan to offer several different access packages to the system:



- Package for physicians/professionals: 300 dollars per year



- Package 1: $100 per year ($8.3 per month). Limited number of inquiries, consultations, participation in seminars



- Package 2: $150 per year ($12.5 per month). Limited number of inquiries, consultations, participation in seminars. Quantity is 2 times more than in Package 1



- Package 3: $300 per year ($25 per month). Unlimited number of inquiries, consultations, participation in seminars.



The expenses of the platform will consist of paying advice to physicians and professionals, paying for servers, maintaining the operability, security and stability of the system and other administrative expenses. They will account for about 50% of revenues in order to continuously develop the capabilities and quality of the service provided. Table 2 shows the revenue from the operation of the platform. Revenues are calculated taking into account only the cost of Package 1. Total revenues from the project at the stage of 2018 - 2023 are presented in Table 3

Table 2. Planed revenues from ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform



Planed revenues from contributions for usage of ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform



YEAR

Physicians/professionals Annual fee, USD Quantity of

physicians/professionals Income, USD

Patients, buyers of devices and other users

Annual fee, USD



2018 (testing

year)

0

20 0

0



2019



2020



2021



300

200 60.000



300

400 120.000



300

700 210.000



100



100



100



2022

300 1.000 300.000

100



2023

300 1.300 390.000

100



Quantity Income, USD Total income, USD



400



17.900



52.900



122.900



213.900



332.900



0



1.790.000 5.290.000 12.290.000 21.390.000 33.290.000



0



18.50.000 54.10.000 12.500.000 21.690.000 33.680.000



Expences (around 50 % from



total income), USD



0



925.000 2.705.000 6.250.000 10.845.000 16.840.000



Revenue before taxes, USD



0



925.000 2.705.000 6.250.000 10.845.000 16.840.000



https://elcoin.io



21



ECONOMIC MODEL



Table 3. Planed Total Revenues



2018



2019



2020



2021



2022



Planed revenues from the sale of devices



Revenue before taxes, USD 2.240.000 7.000.000 14.000.000 28.000.000 36.400.000



Revenues from contributions for usage of Blockchain Medical Platform



Revenue before taxes, USD



0



925.000 2.705.000 6.250.000 10.845.000



2023 47.600.000 16.840.000



TOTAL REVENUE BEFORE TAXES,



USD



2.240.000 7.925.000 16.705.000 34.250.000 47.245.000 64.440.000



The next stage of the company's development, which we plan to begin to implement since 2022, will be the construction of a network of healthcare centers using various methods of diagnostics, therapy and treatment and rehabilitation. The centers will be built in such countries as Italy, Spain, Greece, Cyprus, United Kingdom, Germany, etc. The centers will be built in the form of small complexes for 80-100 rooms and a large number of procedural rooms for diagnostics, prevention, recovery and treatment. It is planned that the network will be built under its own brand with the further possibility of selling the franchise.



Financing the project is required to implement the following stages.



First stage. Q1 2018 Q1 2019. Required amount: US$ 9.530.000. Items of expenditure in the first stage:

Completion of development of the Quantum, Cardio and Professional devices. Conducting the final technical and clinical tests Certification of devices in the EU, Russia, North America Patent registration Development and launch of the ELCoin Blockchain Medical Platform Order of components for manufacturing Development and manufacture of packaging, advertising materials Development of guidelines for working with devices. Translation into different languages Consultation of experts in various fields (medicine, IT, lawyers, etc.) Attending conferences, exhibitions, seminars. Marketing and advertising Administrative expenses Establishment of the Academy with training centers

Second stage. Q3 2019 Q4 2020. Required amount: US$ 8.600.000. Items of expenses in the second stage:



20% or USD 1.906.000

40% or USD 3.812.000 3% or USD 285.900 11% or USD 1.048.300 4% or USD 381.200 2% or USD 190.600 1% or USD 95.300

3% or USD 285.900 2% or USD 190.600 3% or USD 285.900 6% or USD 571.800 5% or USD 476.500



Certification of devices in the Middle East countries and Australia Adaptation of devices and documentation to the markets of the Middle East and Australia Development of a device for the regulation of sleep enhancement and stress level control. Certification and patenting Order of components for manufacturing Attending conferences, exhibitions, seminars Marketing and advertising Administrative expenses



29% or USD 2.494.000 3% or USD 258.000

46% or USD 3.956.000

6% or USD 516.000 4% or USD 344.000 5% or USD 430.000 7% or USD 602.000



https://elcoin.io



22



ECONOMIC MODEL



Third stage. Starting in Q1 2021 Required amount: US$ 11.170.000. Items of expenses in the third stage:



Certification of devices in the countries of Asia, Latin America, Africa Adaptation of devices and documentation to the markets of Asia, Latin America, Africa Order of components for manufacturing Attending conferences, exhibitions, seminars. Marketing and advertising Administrative expenses The beginning of the project of a network of clinics and healthcare centers



35% or USD 3.909.500 5% or USD 558.500 6% or USD 670.200 6% or USD 670.200 6% or USD 670.200 9% or USD 1.005.300 33% or USD 3.686.100



Why ICO We decided to resort to the ICO for a number of reasons.

1. When obtaining loans from banks, a security deposit is required, which can several times exceed the requested amount of the loan itself.

2. When receiving funds through various investment funds, investors ask for a large percentage of the company's share to be transferred to their management. This leads to loss of control over the processes of enterprise management, transfer of know-how, developments and technologies to the investor, which is not affordable.

3. We plan that payment for the services of the medical blockchain system developed by us will be made through the release of ELCoin.

Our project is long-term and promising in terms of profitability and meeting the growing demand in the field of diagnostics, treatment and recovery. As holders of the part of ELCoin, we are interested in the constant growth of its value, which in turn will lead to a constant increase in the income of investors from the ownership of ELCoin. To this end, we are planning a series of actions that will be aimed at a significant growth of ELCoin. Also, a variety of factors will influence the growth of value. 1. ELCoin is backed with real, unique and highly liquid products - medical and recreational devices,

technologies and patents 2. Carrying out further development and research with subsequent launch of products on the market 3. Payment for the use of the blockchain platform is effected by ELCoin only. 4. Within the first 3 months after the release of the devices their sale is carried out only using ELCoin 5. Constant growth of the company due to expansion of sales markets 6. Constant attraction of new platform users, including by increasing the number of devices sold 7. Creation the proprietary network of health centers, which is intended to expand the range of services offered

and to increase capitalization

For ELCoin holders the following additional bonuses are provided:

1. 25% discount for the devices when exchanging for ELCoin as well as for ICO participants. 2. Priority for the purchase of any equipment and services of the company for ICO participants and ELCoin

holders. 3. Priority and discounts for treatment and accommodation in the company's healthcare centers in case of

payment by ELCoin and also for ICO participants. 4. In case of an IPO and a share issue, the opportunity to exchange ELCoin for shares of the company,

becoming a co-owner of the company.



https://elcoin.io



23



DISTRIBUTION OF ELC TOKENS



ELC is a digital token, a powerful tool that rewards the users of the community and the content platform. This digital token can be exchanged for fiat money (Dollars, Euros, Yuan, etc. ) in jurisdictions where such exchange is legal, or for other crypto-currencies (Bitcoin, Ether, etc.) on various crypto currency exchanges after the initial sale of tokens. The expected value of a token is US$1 for each ELC (the value of the token in the fiat currency is provided for comparison purposes only, fiat money cannot be accepted during the initial placement of the ELC token. It can be purchased only for crypto currencies such as BTC, ETH, LTC and others).



Name: ELCoin



Ticket: ELC



Based on: Ethereum



Technical characteristics:



-



A total of 60,000,000 ELCs will be released. Additional releases of tokens are not planned, so



over time the number of tokens will decrease, which will lead to an increase in demand.



Tokens will be created using the ERC20 smart contract. The system integrity will be built on the personal interests of the token owners. Owners of more tokens will have a greater power of decisions in the community and determination of development of ELIS. High-speed network, with transactions carried out within a minute. Votes based on Ethereum technologies: the ELC token will use a blockchain to ensure true decentralization. The ability to create accounts with multiple signatures will be available in a few clicks. Fixed commissions will simplify pricing. You will not need to calculate the amount of the commission each time. The API and documentation for working with smart contracts will be available through the blockchain. A user-friendly interface makes the way from the idea to the solution simple and does not require special knowledge.



The distribution of tokens is an important part of the initial sale. The number of tokens and frequency of their



release directly affects their cost. A total of 60,000,000 tokens will be released. These tokens will be distributed as



follows:



-



30,000,000 (50% of the total number of tokens) will be sold at the stage from November 19



2017 to February 5 2018.



-



If pre-ordered and during the first week of the Distribution Period, the price of one ELC token is



US$ 0,80 (5 % of the total number of tokens for sale is 1,500,000 ELC)



-



During the second week of the Distribution Period, the price of one ELC Token will be



US$ 0,85 (5 % of the total number of tokens for sale is 1,500,000 ELC)



-



During the third week of the Distribution Period, the price of one ELC Token will be



US$ 0,90 (5 % of the total number of tokens for sale is 1,500,000 ELC)



-



During the third week of the Distribution Period, the price of one ELC Token will be



US$ 0,95 (5 % of the total number of tokens for sale is 1,500,000 ELC)



-



After the 28-th day of the Distribution Period until the Expiration Date, the price of one ELC



Token will be US$ 1,00 (80% of the total number of tokens for sale is 24,000,000 ELC)



12,000,000 (20%) will be reserved for use by the Reserve Fund in order to stabilize the crypto currency at the exchange

12,000,000 (20%) Tokens will be reserved for the founders/team 3,000,000 (5%) will be reserved for use of the bounty system 3,000,000 (5%) Tokens will be reserved for advisers, mentors



The cap for raising funds in the Distribution Period will be publicly announced 24 hours before the Distribution Commencement Date, based on the market situation and the demand for the purchase of tokens.



https://elcoin.io



24



DISTRIBUTION OF ELC TOKENS



Token distribution:



Team (freezing for



1/2 year)



20%



Advisors /Mentors



50%



5% 5%



20%



Bounties Reserve Fund Token buyers



Time-bonuses for early Token buyers during the Token Distribution phase pre-sale (extra tokens

added to a purchase):



25% 20% 15% 10% 5% 0% First week of

pre-sale: 20 %



Second week of pre-sale:

15 %



Third week of pre-sale:

10 %



Fourth week of pre-sale:

5%



ICO: 0%



BOUNTIES



Facebook Campaign - 18% Twitter Campaign - 18%

Bitcointalk Signatures Campaign - 20% Bitcointalk Support Campaign - 20% Publishing Campaign - 12% Project Creative Support - 12%



https://elcoin.io



25



DISTRIBUTION OF ELC TOKENS

PROTECTION FROM PRICE REDUCTION. 20% of the funds from ELC distribution during the Distribution Period will be reserved by the Company. The reserve will be stored in the form of a differentiated portfolio of major crypto currencies. Information on the structure of the reserve and its status will be publicly available. This protection will last for 12 months, after which the reserve is put at the disposal of the Company. The tokens purchased in this way become the property of the Company.

ELIS is committed to the full transparency of all processes, not limited to the open source code. We will use the following possibilities for this:

We will ensure annual audits by means of one of the best accounting companies. To stabilize the token, the founders and employees owning ELC will not be able to sell more than 20% of their tokens during the first half of calendar year. This will ensure that their interests are in accordance with the objectives of the community. Reserved tokens will not be available for any operations other than future token sales. The cost of ELC tokens in future sales will be determined based on the market price on the exchange. Approval of community decisions will be organized using voting based on smart contracts. Such votes will be able to approve unlocking reserves, changing rules for club members, or other changes affecting the community. A minimum threshold for the successful initial sale of tokens will be set. Also, several thresholds will be set, and if any of them is not reached, the funds received in excess of the previous threshold will be automatically returned to the wallets of the senders. These tokens will be added to the volume of tokens at the next sale. If the maximum threshold is reached, all funds transferred beyond the threshold will be returned to the recipients.

How to Get ELCoins

The initial sale of tokens will take place between November 19 2017 and December 17 2017 and will be organized on the website: https://elcoin.io. Please register in advance so that we notify you of the dates of sales commencements. The last similar ICO were completed within a few minutes after the launch. Having registered in advance you are guaranteed not to miss the date of the sale commencement.

After completing sales, you can easily open an ElCoin account using the publicly available Ethereum wallet. Since ElCoin is a fully decentralized system, it uses peer-to-peer technology to ensure decentralization. The network itself will be able to provide access to the released ElCoins token, working from anywhere in the world, at any time, thus ensuring the 24/7 continuity of transactions.

After the closure of sales, interested participants will be able to buy or sell tokens on exchanges, in accordance with the laws of their countries.

All transactions will be protected by advanced cryptographic technologies, and the integrity of the blockchain will be provided by effective and ASIC secured algorithms, based on the "proof of stake". This unique model will allow us to accelerate transactions and provide the required level.

The goal of ELIS is to support the current crypto currency community. We will seek to maintain and increase the cost of the ELC token. We also do not want our sale to affect the cost of Bitcoin crypto currency, so we will be extremely cautious in converting tokens into fiat money to pay our expenses. We will distribute such conversions over time and between different crypto currency exchanges and the crypto currencies. This will minimize the risks associated with the cost of the ELC token and other crypto currencies.



https://elcoin.io



26



PROJECT TEAM

Founders



Sergey Konoplev

Scientific and Production Enterprise ELIS. Managing Director. Inventor and developer

of devices. Founder of the company in Russia. Member of the Academy of Natural

Sciences. Member of the International Academy of Authors of Scientific

Discoveries and Inventions. Patentee. Author of many books, manuals and

methodical recommendations.



Dmitry Abramov

Scientific and Production Enterprise ELIS. Head of the European Headquarter. Msc in Management Science.

PhD candidate in the field of Theory of Decision-Making.

Used to work as development manager at DB Schenker.

Has essential experience in managing big international projects



Nikolay Dulin

. Crypto Technologies. Responsible for development

of Crypro Projects Economist, Project Manager, Developer of finansial technologies in banking, state and investment areas. Founder and General Director of the group of companies under the brand LavinaGroup (investments, property, IT) Has essential experience in big project management. Mail.ru Group.



Advisors and Partners



Alexander Aftandilov

Prof., MD. Cardiologist. Author of more than 230 scientific works. Among his students there are more than 40 Doctors of Medical Sciences. Member of the European Society of Cardiology. Russia.



Kostantinos Kapelas

Msc. Founder of Totalhealth Clinics. Holistic Health Practitioner and Bioresonance Therapy. UK.



Nikolas Chatzibalassis

Elismed clinics, owner, senior health specialist. Msc at Aristotle University of

Thessaloniki. Bulgaria and Greece



https://elcoin.io



27



PROJECT TEAM



Ramiz Guluzade



Raisa Tatarintseva



Alex Sushkov



Doctor Cardiologist of the highest category, pulmonologist, therapist, specializes in

diagnostics, treatment of various diseases of the cardiovascular, nervous, respiratory, urinary and other body systems. Russia.



Academician, Prof., MD, Academician of the Academy of Medical and Technical Sciences of the Russian Federation. Head of the Department of Clinical Physiology of Non-Drug Methods of Therapy at the Faculty of Advanced Training of Medical Workers, Peoples' Friendship University of Russia.



Doctor Therapist, expert in bioresonance technologies, dietarian and nutritionist,

homeopath, masseur, gastroenterologist, Ultrasound

diagnostician. Russia



Tatiana Baranova

Doctor Reflexotherapist, Leading Specialist of the ASCON rehabilitation center. Russia



Flura Gilmutdinova

Doctor Surgeon of the highest category, gastroenterologist, diagnostician, rehabilitation specialist, homfunctional eopath, specialist of VRT and BRT, organizer of public health of the highest category, Candidate of Medical Sciences. Russia



Vitalijus Naumavicius

MD, Doctor of Biomedical Sciences. Member of the European Association of

Chinese Medicine. Lithuania.



Igors Bickovs

MD. Chief Specialist, Doctor of Natural Medicine. International Center for Health Innovation. Lithuania



Nikolajs Nikolajevs

Prof. MD. Latvia. Head of clinics for Acupuncture and Chinece Medicine (Latvia). Vice President of Pan European Federation for Traditional Medicine.

Member of The World Club of 100 Leading Professors (Cambridge, UK). Co-founder and Director of International Association of Integrative Medicine (IAIM, USA). Author of more then 300 scientific works, 7 monograms, 14 inventions.



Raymond C. Onuh

Msc Information systems and technology. University Of Liverpool, Business Director at

AgRay s.r.o (Medical certification and medical equipment dealership). Partner for

Czech, Slovakia, Slovenia, Romania and African region.



https://elcoin.io



28



PROJECT TEAM



Lukasz Nowaczek

Director of Pharma Complex Solutions Sp. Poland. Partner in Poland.



Iain Michael William Tozer

Coach and CEO within the international investment. Partner in Spain and Portugal.



Partner scientific organizations



Institute. Moscow. Russia



- University of IOANNINA. Greece



- Aristotle university of Thessaloniki Greece



- Latvian Academy of Sciences Latvia



- Russian Medical Academy of Continuing Professional Training. Moscow. Russia - Botkin Hospital. Moscow. Russia - State Medical University. Orenburg. Russia - State Medical University. Ufa. Russia - Zaporizhia Medical Academy of Postgraduate Education. Ukraine - Institute of Higher Nervous Activity and Neurophysiology RAS RF. Moscow. Russia



https://elcoin.io



29



DISCLAIMER



PLEASE READ THIS DISCLAIMER SECTION CAREFULLY. IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX, OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).



The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this white paper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. ELCoin does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this white paper. Investors and potential ELC token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction based on, material published in this white paper, which material is purely published for reference purposes alone.



ELC tokens will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.



ELCoin does not provide any opinion on any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise transact with ELC tokens and the fact of presentation of this white paper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any contract or investment decision.



No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of ELC tokens, and no crypto currency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this white paper.



IMPORTANT



You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ELC tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise)



of Singapore, or other Singapore Person.



is generally defined as a natural person, residing in



the Singapore or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of Singapore. You are not eligible and you



are not to purchase any ELC tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of the People's Republic of



China ("PRC"), or other PRC Person. "PRC Person" is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the People's



Republic of China, or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of the People's Republic of China. You



are not eligible and you are not to purchase any ELC tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of



Singapore, or other Singapore Person.



is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the



Singapore or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of Singapore. You are not eligible and you are



not to purchase any ELC tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of the United States of America



(USA), or other USA Person.



is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the US or any entity



organized or incorporated under the laws of USA.



https://elcoin.io



30



REFERENCES



1. World Health Organization. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/factsheets/fs317/en/



2. WHO. A health telematics policy in support of



Health-For-All strategy for global health development:



report of the WHO group consultation on health telematics, 11 16 December, Geneva, 1997. Geneva, World



Health Organization, 1998.



3. https://www.statista.com/statistics/671374/global-telemedicine-market-size/



4. European Information Centre for Complementary & Alternative Medicine [web site]. http://www.eiccam.eu/home.php?il=1&l=eng



5. Barnes PM et al. Complementary and alternative medicine use among adults and children: United States, 2007. Hyattsville, MD, National Center for Health Statistics, 2008 (National health statistics reports, No. 12).



6. Maas AH, Appelman YE. Gender differences in coronary heart disease. Neth Heart J., 2010 Nov;18(12):598-603



7. Ciambrone G, Kaski JC. The importance of gender differences in the diagnosis and management of cardiovascular disease. Current Pharmaceutical Design, 2011, 17(11):1079 1081.



8. Anand SS et al. Differences in the management and prognosis of women and men who suffer from acute coronary syndromes. Journal of the American College of Cardiology, 2005, 46:1845 1851.



9. Levit RD, Reynolds HR, Hochman JS. Cardiovascular disease in young women: A population at risk. Cardiology in Review, 2011, March April, 19(2):60 65.



10. Zhang Y. Cardiovascular diseases in American women. Nutrition, Metabolism, and Cardiovascular Diseases, 2010, July, 20(6):386 393. Epub 2 June 2010.



11. Mendis S et al. Total cardiovascular risk approach to improve efficiency of cardiovascular prevention in resource-constrained settings. Journal of Clinical Epidemiology, 27 April 2011. Epub ahead of print.



12. Ndindjock R et al. Potential impact of single-risk factor versus total risk management for the prevention of cardiovascular events in Seychelles. Bulletin of the World Health Organization, 2011, 85:286 295.



13. Murray CJ et al. Effectiveness and costs of interventions to lower systolic blood pressure and cholesterol: A global and regional analysis on reduction of cardiovascular-disease risk. Lancet, 2003, 361:717 725.



https://elcoin.io



31



