CONTENT



Annotation



Introduction



Product Information



How it works



Problem identification



Decision



Usage



Solutions for common users Solutions for business representatives



How it works



The service industry (on HoReCa example)



Project scope, development process



Product Monetization & Coin Economy (Product Monetization and Coin Economy)



EMU Tokens



ICO



Features



Road map



Information sources



ANNOTATION

Imagine that while traveling you come into to a restaurant. You do not know the local language. You do not possess any local currency. There is a risk that your order won't include the dishes which you really wish to order.

We would like to introduce you a new, revolutionary solution in the service sector  the EMU application.

Just launch the EMU app and it will automatically load the menu services in your native language. Your EMU account already contains your credit cards data, a crypto-currency wallet, PayPal and other payment systems.

Do you want to pay with crypto currency? You are welcome! You no longer need to wait for support staff and thus face the human factor; everything you need can be done through the EMU app. A few clicks are enough to get the desired order.

In addition, using the EMU app, you can choose the closest institution to you (for example, a restaurant); create an order for the fixed time, place and number of guests. Leave feedback, share impressions and choose the service relying on the reviews, photos and comments in the EMU app.

The EMU project is designed to bring communication between a consumer and service sector into a new level. Waiting for the waiter, errors in the delivery of the order, the human factor in general - all this remained in the past. Actually, we are in the process of creating such a unique ecosystem that will greatly facilitate the life of its participants.

EMU is a global product that really revolutionizes the service industry, as it was mentioned before. This application is for smartphones based on iOS and Android. Having installed it, the user immediately gets current information about the restaurant menu. The application shows only those dishes, which are relevant. In addition, it allows you to find a restaurant, book a table, instantly pay in one click, call a waiter with a special button, and write a review - now it's all in your own smartphone. In case, you do not want to leave the house-just order food delivery from your favorite restaurant.

From this paper, you will learn how we have managed to combine the technology of blockchain, artificial intelligence and fifteen years' experience in the service industry to open this multi-billion dollar project for the global economy.



INTRODUCTION

It had been passing 14 years before we were able to put our idea into effect. This was made possible through the global computerization.

It is felt that a high standard of service is noted when some changes occur. Only in this case the service can be perceived as excellent.

We have found a solution for the whole industry. The EMU software product will be able to minimize the human factor involvement and nullify the situation in which the customer will be dissatisfied with the service. Personnel system automation will make it possible to increase service speed (which will lead to positive customer emotions and increase in turnover), and will be able to offer only relevant service, that is available. Ongoing analysis of the data concerning clients would allow the owners to set priorities, promptly respond to changes in taste preferences, target advertising and increase turnover.

Every day, billions of people deal with a service sector, visiting public places like cafes, restaurants, hotels. We have coffee-breaks, presentations, business meetings, parties for companies of friends or just read a book or have a cup of coffee. Visiting cafes and restaurants has become a part of our daily life.

Now, I want you to think about time spending on the order creating. We wait for the waiter, look through the menu, clarify, wait for the waiter, wave them with the hand, with further expectation for the bill ... All this can essentially mess up all of our mood and take lots of our precious time.

This is a standard performance pattern that has been remaining unchanged for more than 200 years.

During many years, while traveling around the world, we have been constantly confronting with a human factor's aspect which considerably complicates our life. The restaurant business is one of the weakest points in the service sector. For example, it's almost impossible to order something what is needed in Japan for a common Russian-speaking person, as well as in China or Israel.

Imagine a restaurant in which you have booked a table without any phone call, just having made three clicks on your smartphone. You have arrived to the place where you are already waiting for, having selected the dishes from the menu list on your way. You have made the order immediately after crossing the threshold of the restaurant, and the support staff has already started preparing it for you. Just within few minutes, your



meals are being served, and you enjoy the evening. If you want a waiter to come to, you just press the button.

No need to wave your hand across the hall of the institution anymore. For payment conduction, you do not have to wait until you receive an invoice also, it can be done within few seconds, using your smartphone. While creating the EMU app, we had been inspired by this idea and made our minds to implement it.

EMU is the product which is really revolutionary in the service sector with its simple and effective application. Just think about its options. It will always be available for free downloading in the App Store and in the Play Market, as well as on the official website of the project. In addition, it can be downloaded at any restaurants connected to the platform.

After studying this document, you will get the full idea of our creating the new online economy.



PRODUCT INFORMATION

The fundamental (start-up) meaning of the draft is the electronic menu in the application form for smartphones operating under iOS and Android systems (which both occupy 98.4% of the smartphone market). It is a well-known fact that the number of Android users has crossed the 2 million mark.

How it works?

A customer comes to a restaurant or cafe (connected to the EMU system), occupies any free table and launches his smartphone app.

The application automatically determines the institution in which he is at that very moment and the table's number or helps him to choose it himself.

The institution's electronic menu is being loaded, giving a customer an opportunity to make an order without waiter's support. If a customer still wants a waiter's help, he can quickly call him using the appropriate item in this application.

Having finished the meal, a customer can pay the bill with the help of a cashless payment by once simply binding his payment card in the application settings, as well as using other payment systems, such as Pay Pal or crypto currency with an EMU token.



DEFINITION OF THE

PROBLEM

The global service industry market is rising incredibly year by year. Customers are willing to spend their money on quality service, but the human factor has been always the main industry service's issue.

Investment, has been made in any type of business, could fade away only because of improperly selected staff. After all, the service industry deals not only with food sector, but also with all services, amenities, easygoing atmosphere, chilling out, entertainments, romance, adventures and dreams.

Technologies are rapidly developing, the world is accelerating, but the services sector remains unchanged. Until now, you can face the problem of long expectation, ordinary low conduct, and the lack of half of the dishes from the menu.

The problem of poor service is international. Over the last ten years, 90,000 cafes had been closed in France because of lack of maintenance of infrastructure in service and quality of food. Customers constantly complain about unfriendly service and sluggishness of the staff.

Experts admit that the situation has begun to improve in recent years. Global players have started to penetrate the market while moving the bar of service upwards, but the matter is of urgency still.

The service gives an idea of all the preliminary work done. Meal serving is a critical moment in the menu success or failure determining. It is well known that a poor service can spoil even the most deliciously prepared dish.

There is a certain truth that people remember bad service but not good food.

The today's client type particularity certainly improves the service, but this process is very slow whilst and can not tackle the underlying causes of issues lying on the surface and seeming simple. At the same time, it may depend on them whether the customer will return or not. Indeed, a Japanese tourist is unlikely to return to the institution, where he has met the problem of serving and communicating in English. Moreover, the availability of menus in different languages seems like something from science fiction. You can add photos and descriptions of dishes to the menu, but it is almost unlikely that someone will have a desire to read 30 pages.

With the help of automated systems, it is more convenient to manage with such problems as logistics, cooking standards, order processing.



CUSTOMER SOLUTION

Imagine that you are in a restaurant where you have never been to before. You are not aware of the dishes names. You have no idea what the waiters will bring you.

Our software allows you to load only relevant photos of dishes with their detailed description and comments of users of social networks.

I want you to imagine the situation when you travel and you do not have a local currency. EMU will load your bank cards for payment, or you can conduct the payment with your crypto currency. Also, EMU menu provides you with possibility of payment with the help of other 10 services, such as Pay Pal, Adcash. Imagine that you have a situation in which you are lack of money. No problem. You can contact someone who can help you and just send money via EMU system. Alternatively, you came as a big company, where everyone pays for themselves. That's a real nightmare for the waiters. However, with the EMU app menu it is simply. Enjoy your meal. Leave your comments online and enjoy the atmosphere, without being distracted by trifles.

The project tackles many problems faced by both visitors and service staff of institutions. EMU also introduces new options for users. Here are some of them:

 Menu in any language;

 Complete knowledge of dishes;

 Countdown timer;

 Quick call of the waiter;

 Only current menu dishes;

 Promotions, initiatives;

 Payment in any currency;

 Tips to waiters;

 Theft reducing;

 Fraud with checks reducing;

 Increase of average check;

 No need to carry discount cards with you - everything is in your phone;

 The ability to send a check for payment (parents or your boyfriend, for example);

 Video review institutions and photos;

 Constant feedback with your visitor (push, stock notifications);

 Change of dishes order bringing.



SOLUTIONS FOR BUSINESS

REPRESENTATIVES

Current menu system has got many problems.

As each year passes, technology is advancing, and the world is accelerating. The old ways do not work any more, and the problems are becoming more obvious.

The project confronts many problems faced by service staff of institutions. EMU also introduces new business options. Here are some of them:

 Improving average check;  Decline in staff numbers of waiters;  Increase in turnover due to special programs;  Reviews of guests in social networks;  Reduction of operating costs;  Reduction of the human factor by 95% (fewer mistakes);  Increase of profit due to payment by crypto currency;  Impossibility of fraud with checks;  Theft reducing;  Fast execution of orders;  Waiter's immediate reaction (customer loyalty);  Booking tables;  Elimination of the language barrier (especially difficult for foreigners);  The problem of paying a bill for large companies now can be easily solved (who should pay and how much?);  Excellent knowledge of the menu or ingredients (components) of the dish;  Immediate account and no waiting for delivery;  Tips giving with the credit card or crypto currency;  Presence of beautiful and actual photos;  Simple logistics;  Opportunity to read comments on the quality of food and service;  Timer countdown (the time for dish presenting).



USAGE

In this chapter, we will consider several standard action models in five examples. In general terms, they capture the essence of electronic menu usage and will provide an overall picture of it.

1. Client (downloads a mobile app in the App Store or Play Market)

Example 1. The client has no idea where to go Let's assume that a person does not know where to go out to for a dinner. He launches the app and selects the option "Finding an institution". Parametric searches will allow this person to observe the options for choosing an institution:  By location - all the nearest institutions, for example, within a 2 km radius (optionally you can change the radius of coverage);  Gastronomic preferences (pizzeria, snack bar, sushi, vegetarian cuisine);  By the average bill (slider box "from" and "before");  By rating. You can also search by the name of the dish or cocktail (rabbit fricassee or B52, for example). Having chosen the necessary parameters and clicking on "Search", the person observes a list of establishments that meet his criteria (or only one institution). By clicking on the name, the following options appear:  Get acquainted with the menu, prices, reviews, etc.;  Book a table (specific or free, time, etc.);  You can pre-order (for example, if a client wants that coffee to be already on the table when he comes, or create a full order, if he knows what he wants).

Example 2. The client sits at home It is an analogue of internet shop with home delivery from any restaurant.



Example 3. The client came to the institution (classical model)

A person has come to a particular place to have his breakfast. He sits at the table he liked, launches the app, which automatically determines the institution's name and offers to enter the MENU (to choose you can watch the online menu, or you can download it from specific restaurants for offline viewing - one menu should be no more than 15 MB).

The application provides such options:

 call the waiter (call button);

 ordering without a waiter (the order goes directly to the kitchen);

 timer countdown for order availability;

 chat with the waiter;

 viewing the menu with photos, a detailed description of the current dishes, cooking features, as well as with the other visitor's reviews;

 Order processing with the subsequent payment in a convenient way;

 acting shares and special offers of the establishment;

 the ability to pass leisure while waiting for cooking (viewing trailers for new films and the possibility of booking tickets for them, for example);

 the opportunity to send a compliment to a neighboring table or start a chat with a preliminary consent (anonymously or openly).

Having made an order, a person can immediately pay for it in the most comfortable way:

 By a credit card linked to an EMU account;

 By cash;

 With Crypto currency.

The counter of the reverse time will be displayed for the whole order or for each dish separately.

Automatically (right in the settings) it will be set the cooking time for each dish or cocktail, or probably, the kitchen / bar will give their own feedback.



Advantages:  Separate bill payment for one table (for companies or couples wishing to pay for themselves separately);  The opportunity to give a tip to the waiter in any convenient way (by credit card or crypto currency);  The opportunity to assess the waiter and write a review;  To call a taxi (in both ways-going home or to a restaurant).

Additional menu options:  tickets booking and payment (e.g. to the cinema);  your mobile phone replenishment;  communal public services, fines and any other bills picking up;  charity.

While waiting for a meal:  watch movie trailers;  read something.

2. A waiter (downloads a mobile app in the App Store or Play Market) Gets into his application:  a call (first, account);  an order (addition to the order);  a recall;  a comment on the order or service. Can give feedback. Chat with the client and the administrator. Observes a timer. Can receive payment to his personal EMU account. He beholds his client immediately (the program determines the client,

his name, status, habits and wishes).



3. Kitchen / Bar Receiving orders on the monitor. Customers' wishes for orders (degree of roasting, salt, sharpness,

etc.).

4. An administrator Waiters supervision. Statistics on the institution. Reserve of tables.

5. An owner Full control over the institution. Attendance statistics. Instant financial reporting. Connection to webcams.



HOW IT WORKS

The user can download the EMU app in the App Store or in the Play Market on their smartphones. Further communication with institutions is going on via the application too. All steps are recorded so you will avoid such inconvenient situations like "I haven't ordered it at all" or other confusions.

A restaurant or a cafe is being registered in the system on the site and also downloads the application in the App Store or Play Market, which depends on the operating system on the phone. The application for business has several types of users:

 a waiter,  an administrator, an owner.

Each type of user has a different interface. The waiter's interface involves communication both with a client and an administrator. The owner's interface contains the statistics of the institution in the real-time (all data and reports, including the availability of the restaurant, average check, etc.), the ability to manage the institution / institutions distantly (telecommuting) and set tasks to the administrator (administrator of the institution), access to online cameras, etc. Administrator's software and hardware of system contains all the necessary statistics and analytics, the ability to manage the waiters, the complete control. Moreover, the application has alarm buttons that can be connected to the security panel. All data, statistics, as well as interaction between the user's and business's applications is carried out through the Amazon cloud services, which that worked well in high-load projects.

Blockchain will enable data storing and recording in a decentralized manner respectively and thus, all ratings, reviews and statistical information can not be adjusted, which will help to avoid cheating, fraud and other incorrect actions.

In fact, we have the application to be attached to one particular user (an owner, a waiter or a client, depending on the role that he performs). In this case only their rights are distinguished.

The application is absolutely free for both common users and business representatives. It does not include currently and will never contain obsessive advertising (any kinds of adverts). There will be no popup advertisements, links to other pages, etc. It will contain only that information what you really need. We appreciate your time and want to preserve your nerves, our goal is to satisfy the desires of everyone who



has faced a service sector (and here we mean almost all people). By reducing the time for stupid communications as well as human factor presence we will provide you with more time for the really enjoyable activities.

The user will be able to download a favorite institutions menu for offline reviews, if there is such a need.

Each user will be able to leave an objective and, most importantly, a real comment or feedback about the institution, dish or staff. It will enable other users to read and also respond to messages.

The institution's owner will be able to react quickly to negative comments and correct the situation immediately.

How is it arranged?

There are 4 logical units.

1. A client's mobile app, which will enable you with order creating and pay for it.

2. A waiter's mobile app, to which customers orders will come with their independently contribution to the current institution management system:  a waiter, a manager, an owner.

3. Web-panel, the main control panel of the entire electronic menu system within the institution. It is used for institution's menu creation and edition, history of all orders viewing, as well as various statistics supervising.

4. A kitchen.

5. The server part (the back end), the core of the entire electronic menu system, which provides its full-fledged work.

While developing mobile applications for the Android operating system, Java is used, and for iOS operating system Swift is used respectively..

The web panel is being developed using the latest web technologies (HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript).

The back end performs on a cloud solution from Amazon.



SERVICE INDUSTRY

Smartphones might have been the probable reason for slow service in restaurants

A well-known New York restaurant has hired a consulting firm to investigate the reason of a large number of negative reviews on the Internet emerging. It turned out that the service speed is negatively affected by the fact that visitors constantly take pictures of food and communicate in social networks using their smartphones. The results of the research have been published on Craiglist.

An issue

As it was said in the text message on the service ads Craiglist, the increased number of negative reviews on the Internet had drawn the attention of the administration of the previously popular restaurant among both citizens and tourists.. Most often, visitors used to complain about slow service. The managers could not understand what the core problem was the number of institution customers remained at the same level as it was ten years ago, whilst the number of employees had increased (in addition, the menu was shortened to make it easier for people to choose), but the overall service rate only had been falling.

Most commonly, visitors complained that they had to wait for a long until a table was vacated. Since the restaurant managers could not understand themselves what the core problem was, they had hired a consulting firm that was supposed to help sort out the situation.

The task was really simplified by the fact that, like in any New York's restaurant, the institution had a video surveillance system installed. Firstly it appeared just ten years ago and recorded everything that had been happening in the room on tapes. Fortunately, several such cassettes had been preserved, which made it possible to compare the typical day of the restaurant ten years ago and nowadays, in 2014. For the comparison, two Thursdays were selected - July 1, 2004 and July 3, 2014. During each of the two days, the 45 orders were analyzed. The restaurant managers were greatly astonished with the results of the observations who had been expecting to find the problem "on their side".



A typical day in 2004

The pattern of the client's behavior in 2004 seemed to be quite predictable: a person was entering the institution and was immediately offered a table (three out of 45 visitors asked to change their seats). Then, the waiter was supplying them with a menu, the studying of which usually took them approximately 8 minutes. The first course had been served to them within 6 minutes, the preparation of more complex dishes took more time. Two of the 45 people asked to warm up the food being brought to them. The waiters were carefully watching the visitors in order to a quick reaction if someone needed their assistance.

After finishing their meal, the customers were immediately given a bill, and 5 minutes later they were leaving the restaurant. On average, the time having spent in a restaurant from choosing the table up to leaving the institution was 1 hour and 5 minutes.

Ten years later

In 2014, the customer's behavior has changed significantly. 18 f the 45 clients, as it could possible to observe in the video, wanted themselves to change their sitting places. Before studying the menu, almost everyone was taking out their phone  someone was photographing the interior, someone was doing something else (which is specific, the restaurant administration was not aware of, because of lack of Wi-Fi traffic analyze).

Seven of 45 customers were calling heir waiter up and showing him something on the phone, and had been discussing it then for several minutes, wasting waiter's time  finally it had been turned out that they could not connect to the Internet and they were asking for a Wi-Fi code.

When the waiters asked if the customers if those were ready to make an order, most all of them were asking for some extra time to complete the activity, since they had not even have time to open the menu. After that people finally were opening the menu, still doing something in their gadgets, and thus, when the waiter was coming up for the second time, they hadn't been still ready to create an order. On average, it took 21 minutes from the moment of seating at the table before order creating.

Having finally set sights on their food and drinks choice, customers crated the order and waiters were bringing the first course, though 26 from 45 clients still spent extra three minutes on food photo shots making or the way they were consuming it. In general it took them even more time, about 4 minutes, because they did not like the previous photo shot and they were willing to redone it.



After that, 9 from 45 customers claimed that the food was too cold and wanted it to be reheated, though if they had not spent so much time on their gadgets using, it would not have been cold at all. Moreover, 27 from 45 customers had asked a waiter to make a photo shot with their friends (14 of them asked to redone the picture afterwards as they did not enjoy it). The photo shooting process and consequent dialogue with a waiter had taken another 5 minutes from the waiter's time, which he could use with a profit, assisting some other clients.

Having finished with their meal, people continued using their smartphones, which increased the interval from the end of the meal to the request of the account up to 20 minutes. Customers spent time on paying bills 15 minutes longer, comparing with ten years ago situation - in this case the role of using gadgets also played its role. 8 out of 45 customers crashed into other visitors or waiters, as they were typing messages while walking, without looking at the road. The total time had taken 1 hour and 55 min from the moment of entering the restaurant up to getting out of it.

In conclusion, the administration asked customers while visiting a restaurant to pay more attention directly to this experience, rather than using their smartphones, as this could significantly speed up the service. It's surprising that the management of the institution had not thought about keeping pace with the times, because the surrounding world has been rapidly changing. Meanwhile, only those restaurants which realize this process would be popular among their customers - people change so institutions need to be changed either.



PROJECT SCOPE

The EMU project involves the penetration in almost all services. Launching from the electronic cafes and restaurants menu, we are covering the entire HoReCa industry (Hotel, Restaurant, Cafe / Catering, including fast food).

The next stage after HoReCa would involve various spheres related to the service sector and an understandable set of services:  fuel stations, car washes and parking spaces;  airports and airplanes;  cruise liners;  beauty salons;  others.

We will describe a number of options for understanding the scope of the project.

Fuel stations

This application obtaining you can also find the nearest or the necessary fuel station on the way, get acquainted with the prices and the complex of services, pre-order (and, if desired, you can also prepay) the right amount of fuel and a cup of coffee.

Upon arrival, you will be serviced as quickly as possible. A fuel station attendant will supply you with gasoline without asking any questions (he will be alreadyaware of your car's number, brand and amount of gasoline), the seller will bring you a just-prepared coffee, so there will be no need to stay in line. You can easily leave a tip in one click.

On a plane There is no need in shouting to call up a flight attendant, no need in asking unnecessary questions: what do you have some alcohol or sweets? Just launch the application with the selected product or service that interests you. Is there some delicate issue? Ask your stewardess via the chat in the attachment. Also, being on board, you can choose and pay for the Duty Free order, and upon the landing you will be handed your purchases. You do not need to wait and waste time in vain, you can spend it with profit - reading books, magazines, playing with children, etc.



At a hotel

Any food or drink can be brought to your hotel room, and you can also use the services provided by the hotel,

Whether it's laundry, dry cleaning, city tours, etc. The EMU app on your smartphone will determine the doorman's or porter's smartphone app simultaneously and afterwards you can also easily give tips in any currency  just via money transfer from your account to his one. The next our goal is to cover medicine service. This is the most difficult and time-consuming phase of project development.

I just want you to imagine the time when all the existing anamnesis will be totally digitized - the effectiveness of the diagnosis and the description treatment would be thousands of times more effective and efficient. At the same time, there would be no need in wasting tons of paper, doctor's excuses, patient's records and other stuff like that.

Entire buildings with date files, storage facilities would be exempt from this burden. Plenty of trees can be saved by switching to digital communications, because this will have a favorable impact on the ecology of our planet.

An appointment with a doctor or a house-call can be made by sitting at home on the couch. In the same way, you will be able to get the results of tests, a doctor's epicrisis and get the idea of the prescribed treatment, which will be available in automatic payment.

The medicine would be automatically delivered to you either. Another most important aspect has been designed to address the issues of bribes in all its manifestations.



So, let's summarize all the development phases one by one:

 basic version - cafes and restaurants;  extended version - the entire HoReCa segment;  planes and airports;  fuel stations, car washes, parking spaces;  beauty salons and small businesses;  cruise liners (description + mechanisms);  medicine;  top secret.

In addition, the EMU app includes various payments options:

 payment of utility services;  payment of fines;  replenishment of mobile phones;  reservation and payment for parking spaces;  ticket purchases;  and many other different payments.



PRODUCT MONETIZATION AND ECONOMY OF EMUCOIN

Monetization of the product is very simple - we take 1% of each transaction (from paying bills, replenishing the mobile phone, etc.). The software is transferred to institutions for free, including all subsequent updates.

For understanding, the food market represents several hundred billion dollars a year. The entire service industry is estimated at trillions of dollars.

This 1% commission of the purchase amount (excluding costs of implementation and maintaining the software), is the net profit of the company.

Payment is accepted in the same way as a commission using smart contracts.



EMU TOCKEN

EMU Token (EMU) is the main internal crypto currency for calculations within our ecosystem. The token is created according to the ERC20 standard on the Ethereum blockchain, which ensures its full compatibility with any other projects that comply with this standard.

The total emission of EMU tokens is limited and can not exceed 250 million tokens.

EMU (EMU) is the internal currency of the service, based on the Ethereum platform. It is a mean of payment for making calculations between the participants. The service will not charge a commission from EMU currency, so the service will be free for EMU currency holders.

EMU currency obtaining will be possible during the ICO or, subsequently, by purchasing on online exchanges.

The EMU Token will be used for conducting calculations within the network to pay for goods and services. You can buy or sell it on the crypto exchange after listing, according to ROADMAP.

The starting cost of 1 EMU token is $ 0.05.

The value equivalent of token to dollar is given for comparison. During the initial placement, the token can be purchased only for the Crypto currency "Ether" (ETH) or Bitcoin (BTC).

Benefits:

 payment for goods within the system;  exchange possibility for other crypto-currencies;  possibility of selling and withdrawing into fiat money.

Specifications:

Name: EMUcoin Ticket: EMU Platform: Ethereum Total: 250 million EMUcoin There is no plan to issue additional tokens.



ICO

A total of 250,000,000 EMUcoin are exhibited The first phase of selling tokens (presale)

Cost: $ 0.05 per 1 EMUcoin Start: 01.12.17 (14:00 GMT). Finish: on the 31.12.17 (14:00 GMT). The minimum amount to launch is 5,000,000 tokens Accepted currency: ETH and BTC The minimum amount to launch is 5,000,000 tokens Minimum transaction amount: unlimited Bonuses:

1st day: +15% bonus. 2nd day: + 10% bonus. 3rd day: bonus +5%. Until the end of PRE ICO + 5% The second phase of selling tokens The beginning: 01.02.18 (14:00 GMT). The end: on March 15, 18 (14:00 GMT) Cost: $ 0.05 per 1 EMU coin. Accepted currency: ETH and BTC. Minimum transaction amount: unlimited. Minimum transaction amount: unlimited Bonus (first 5 days): +5%



PECULIARITIES

1. Multilanguage The menu has a multilanguage and multicurrency interfaces, allowing

you to switch to a convenient language and currency payment. Menu in your native language of more than 50 language packs.

2. Countdown timer Shows the time before the order is carried out. It provides you with

ability to prioritize carrying out of dishes.

3. Payments integration This option gives customers an opportunity to pay in the most convenient way for them. This can be fulfilled by a credit card, Pay Pal or even with crypto currency.

4. Menu up-to-dateness

Only current dishes photos and descriptions with customer's comments and up-to-date pictures are available in the EMU app.

5. Social networks integration

EMU provides online photo, comments and rating sharing after visiting the institution. Twitter, Instagram, Viber, Telegram, WhatsApp. EMU unites all social networks so that customers could have a better choice.

6. Blockchain (transparency)

Fair ratings, truthful reviews, only real people - no bots or other cheating.



TEAM



INFORMATION SOURSES

https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swift_(_) https://aws.amazon.com/ru/dynamodb/ https://aws.amazon.com/ru/ec2/ https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/HTML5 https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS https://ru.wikipedia.org/wiki/JavaScript https://vc.ru/4525-ny-restaurant https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-karatay-52b06066/ https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001622531912 https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxim-karatai-ba565111a/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/aleksey-salnichenko-27951578/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/ruslan-levkov-87a96710a/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/--022a4513a/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/--71169568/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/artur-antonyan-708259108/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmitry-stasyuk-358423143/ https://www.linkedin.com/in/dmytro-kozlov-89836913b/



