etcetera

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

There have been many different attempts to increase adoption of cryptocurrencies by the general public. Some more successful than others. The most important challenges are availability, proximity, accessibility, and know-how. Etcetera is now introducing a novel approach, specifically aimed towards addressing and overcoming exactly these issues. The core of the Etcetera business model is selling leading cryptocurrency like Bitcoin and Ethereum in stores around the globe, as gift cards. In doing so, Etcetera is leveraging a known and trusted product/technology and existing infrastructure and distribution channels. This will allow for a very fast and broad roll-out, making the Etcetera cards available to everyone, in a store near you. Everybody will be able to buy Bitcoin together with their groceries or morning newspaper, in the same store, from the same cashier, using the same payment method. This approach will generate an enormous influx of fresh capital into the crypto economy, as well as dramatically increase user adoption, incentivizing stores and merchants to accept payments in cryptocurrency, making this a given instead of the exception it remains today. Having tackled availability, proximity and accessibility this way, next on the agenda is knowhow. Together with every card, Etcetera will provide information and easy, step-by-step instructions in the form of a booklet, taking new customers by the hand and guiding them into the world of cryptocurrency.



CHALLENGE

Cryptocurrencies have been around for almost a decade. Despite the increasing media attention, it still has not reached the general public quite yet.

At the time of writing, more than 1000 different cryptocurrencies or tokens are available for trading. Some of them, like Bitcoin and Ethereum, are already being used as real-world currency. Online shops as well as local stores are starting to accept cryptocurrencies as payment method. Crypto debit cards are on the rise and are paving the way to a fully integrated and easy to use alternative to fiat as we know it. Nevertheless, the number of people using or investing in cryptocurrency remains a very small minority. A fact which is easily overlooked by people who are knee-deep in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency.

Even though technologies like Bitcoin and Ethereum are relatively easy to use, the learning process is still a daunting task for an average person.

The learning curve for figuring out how to buy, store, exchange and spend cryptocurrency is steep, and the available information is mainly aimed at people with some technical background. Deciding which cryptocurrency to buy, which wallet to use, how to keep it secure, how to make a fiat deposit, how to make transactions, how to exchange different currencies... can make any new user give up before they even start.

Etcetera is now changing all this, making it as easy as going to your local store.

In this paper, we will discuss how Etcetera plans to tackle the challenges mentioned above, how we will attract and reach millions of new cryptocurrency buyers and users, delivering a significant added value and large push to the crypto-economy as a whole and bring blockchain technology to the average household.



SOLUTION

At Etcetera, we believe in comfort and usability.

Our first challenge is making the entry process into cryptocurrency as easy as possible. In order for cryptocurrency to become mainstream, we need to bring down the entry level significantly. We must find a way to relieve the user of the steep learning curve of finding out how to set up a wallet, keep it secure and make a first deposit. Not only do we need to simplify this process, we also need to make sure this process feels familiar to ensure that the user gets an instant sense of trust.

To accomplish this, we decided to focus on existing products and technologies.

Specifically, prepaid cards, gift cards, etc. This will be the entry point for new users. Not an app, not an online exchange... but good old cash or card, over the counter, in exchange for cryptocurrency, bought at their trusted store, from their trusted shopkeeper. Available everywhere, leveraging existing systems already in place.

After buying their first cryptocurrency, our next mission is training.

Clear, easy, step-by-step directions to gradually learn how to move forward with the cryptocurrency they bought. Taking new users by the hand and guiding them towards our app to manage their wallets and coins, and to our exchange to trade them and buy more. That is exactly what Etcetera will provide.



PHYSICAL WALLETS

Prepaid and gift cards like Google Play and iTunes, are widely available in stores all over the world. People know and trust these products, and the infrastructure for handling them is already in place. Why not leverage this?

Etcetera will create printed offline wallets with all the features of existing gift cards. These physical wallets will have the same look and feel as a gift card, holding the visible public key (wallet address), as well as the private key, securely protected by a scratch layer. These cards will be empty wallets existing on the blockchain, which can be used to buy Bitcoin, Ethereum or Etcetera. The cards will be distributed to stores around the world via existing prepaid and gift card distribution channels. When a customer buys a card, the store clerk will scan it and the converted amount of Bitcoin or Ethereum will be transferred to the wallet immediately after payment at the register. This will provide the user with the aforementioned sense of trust, as well as streamline the otherwise daunting process of setting up a wallet and keeping it secure. Anybody can just walk into a store, pay for the amount of cryptocurrency they want, and walk away with a secure paper wallet holding that amount. Of course, together with each card, we will include clear instructions and next steps in the form of an easy to understand, foldable, card-sized booklet.

Production and distribution will be handled by existing, specialized companies, giving us maximum reach from day one.

Etcetera will act as a broker, enabling the exchange of fiat money to cryptocurrency, and depositing to the paper wallets, by providing an API which will communicate with the local stores. The API will be used to communicate with the cash register software systems, which are already designed to scan and activate gift- and prepaid cards. Also, the distribution of the Etcetera cards to stores across the world will be executed by the main distributors handling the distribution and placement of gift- and prepaid cards worldwide today. Leveraging existing channels will greatly reduce the costs of development, start-up and maintenance, as well as maximize our coverage, reaching millions of new users around the world. We believe this will enable widespread adoption of cryptocurrency in society, as well as provide a large influx of new capital, pushing the total market cap to new heights.

Of course, we won't stop there...

After guiding new users into the cryptocurrency ecosystem, Etcetera will support its clients with all the information, guides, tutorials, apps and tools they will need to learn more, manage their funds, store, buy, sell, exchange, pay... Etcetera will never lock in users by holding their private keys. We will ensure user satisfaction by offering them transparency, clarity, and unrivalled user experience. We don't want our customers to stay with us because they have to, but because they want to.



Etcetera will provide paper wallet customers with an easy to use digital wallet.

Etcetera will provide the Etcetera mobile application (which will be promoted in the booklet provided with each Etcetera card) to enable users to easily manage their newly acquired cryptocurrencies, without the need of independently finding out how to do it first. The process of downloading and installing the Etcetera mobile application, importing their newly acquired wallet, making their first transaction,... will be explained step-by-step in the booklet accompanied with each Etcetera card.

Etcetera card buyers will be able to easily download the Etcetera mobile app and import their paper wallet into the app, simply by scanning the QR code under the scratch layer, consolidate wallets they bought or already owned previously, make transactions, trade cryptocurrencies, exchange their cryptocurrency to fiat, buy cryptocurrency with fiat, etc.

The success and profitability of Etcetera will lie in reaching and onboarding the millions of new users who may have heard about the existence and potential of cryptocurrency, but are a long way off from existing channels, platforms and entry points.

Of course, not only Etcetera, but the entire crypto-economy will benefit from our success, as we open up cryptocurrency to the general public and attract significant streams of fresh capital into the crypto-economy.

Etcetera's profitability will be based on the 6% exchange fee charged for all fiat related exchanges, and a 0.25% fee for all other transactions via our platform. The Etcetera token will play a key role in these transactions and will be explained further in this document.

The fees will be used to support and maintain the Etcetera platform and infrastructure, for printing, distribution and sales of the Etcetera cards, for research and development of new products and services, etc.

The core business of Etcetera is allowing customers to buy cryptocurrency in local stores across the world, without the need for technical crypto knowhow. In order to grow and remain profitable in the long term, our core business will evolve into complementary products and services like cryptocurrency debit cards, funds,... For this reason, Etcetera will continue to research and develop new products, releasing them gradually and introducing them to our customers, existing and new.



INFORMATION & EDUCATION

Etcetera will play a key role in educating new cryptocurrency users, by providing them with an easy to understand printed manual, together with the wallet, which will guide them in how to use their newly bought cryptocurrency.

This manual will provide users a step-by-step guide on how to download and install the etcetera wallet/mobile application, how to import their wallet by scanning the QR code of the private key, how to make their first transaction or payment with cryptocurrency, and how to deposit/withdraw fiat. Etcetera aims to provide an all-in service which is easy to use, and even easier to get started with. This approach will educate everyone who wants to start with cryptocurrencies and provide them with all the necessary tools to do it.

AVAILABILITY & ACCESSIBILITY

Etcetera will be the first cryptocurrency which will be widely available in the physical world and directly exchangeable for fiat in local stores.

This availability will not only bring along high awareness for Bitcoin or Ethereum, but also for the Etcetera token itself, placing it directly among the top cryptocurrencies in terms of publicity. Because of this awareness and the underlying transactions via the Etcetera cards, there will be a high trading volume of Etcetera coins and the Etcetera market cap will grow significantly, rapidly placing it among the top 100 cryptocurrencies.



THE ETCETERA TOKEN

The Etcetera token is an Ethereum based token released on the Ethereum blockchain and offered through an initial coin offering.

The ERA token will be the intermediary token for all store related transactions: customers buying and selling Bitcoin or Ethereum through Etcetera cards. Customers buying our cards, are actually buying Etcetera tokens, which, in case they bought the Bitcoin or Ethereum card, will immediately be exchanged for Bitcoin or Ethereum. If the customer buys an Etcetera wallet card, the Etcetera tokens will be deposited directly to the card wallet address. The transactions mentioned above will be carried out automatically by our API on the Etcetera exchange.

Etcetera applies a burn model to every transaction handled by our API. When an Etcetera card is bought in stores, the API will translate this offline sale into a market buy order for the equivalent number of Etcetera tokens on the Etcetera exchange. 1% of every such buy order will be burned. In parallel, the API will deposit the purchased amount of desired cryptocurrency from our reserves to the paper wallet address. The customer will get his or her cryptocurrency and can be on his way, independent of when the mirrored order on the exchange is fulfilled.

The burned tokens will never be brought back into circulation, steadily decreasing the total number of Etcetera tokens. The declining number of Etcetera tokens, combined with a continuously increasing demand driven by offline customers buying Etcetera cards, will ensure a steadily growing valuation of the Etcetera token.

The Etcetera reserves ensure fast transactions for offline customers, and provide a buffer in case of order failures, technical difficulties, or any other unforeseen situations which may lead to failure of execution.



THE ETCETERA EXCHANGE

Etcetera will provide an online exchange where people can trade Etcetera, Bitcoin and Ethereum.

Other cryptocurrencies will gradually be added later on. Like buying our cards in stores, customers will also be able to buy and sell Bitcoin and Ethereum for fiat money. Of course, depending on regulations in country of origin, fiat related online trades could be required to verify identities and payments linked to these identities. Etcetera will always work in full compliance with governments and regulations, to ensure success of the company and reach our long-term goals, which is making cryptocurrencies widely available and easy to buy and use by everyone, without technical background or know-how. Etcetera will spare no cost or effort into reaching this goal, and will work closely together with legal firms across the world, providing the legal foundations and frameworks upon which Etcetera will exercise its core activities.

The Etcetera exchange is the heart of our business and one of our key success factors, in combination with the Etcetera token and paper wallet sales.

All paper wallets sold in stores will automatically be debited with the desired amount of Bitcoin or Ethereum, after payment at the register, via our API. In background, customers are actually buying Etcetera tokens, which in turn will be traded on our exchange for the desired cryptocurrency. Using the Etcetera Token as intermediary token creates high trading volumes. By linking all our Etcetera card points-of-sale with the Etcetera exchange via our API, we ensure liquidity for the Etcetera token. Etcetera will promote and encourage the use of the Etcetera exchange, and believes that through this novel approach - connecting millions of offline cryptocurrency users with our online exchange by selling cards in local stores across the world - our exchange will rapidly grow to one of the biggest online exchange platforms.

This process will ensure a continuous supply/demand dynamic.

It will also support the aforementioned burn process, starting from our very first sale. Of every sale of Etcetera tokens for fiat, in stores or on our exchange, 1% will be burned, steadily decreasing the total supply until the total amount of Etcetera tokens equals 20.000.000 tokens. At that point, the burn process will be discontinued. Combined with the increasing demand from new customers buying cryptocurrency through Etcetera, via cards, on our exchange, online or in-app, this will drive the Etcetera market price, ensuring significant added value for early Etcetera token adopters.



THE ETCETERA API

The Etcetera API connects the Etcetera exchange, the Etcetera mobile app, and the Point-of-Sales systems in stores, handling card sales and transactions on the exchange and the respective blockchains.

The Etcetera cards in stores across the globe are essentially empty wallets existing on their respective blockchains. These wallets will be scanned at the register, connecting to our API to place the necessary market orders on our exchange and deposit the desired amount of cryptocurrency to the Etcetera card paper wallet address. Etcetera, in this scenario, will act as an online broker and place the necessary market orders on the Etcetera exchange to complete the sale. All orders are executed automatically and completely transparent.

To ensure fast transactions, Etcetera will work with internal reserves of Bitcoin, Ethereum, Etcetera and fiat currency. The API will automatically place the market buy orders, and in parallel, register a deposit request of the desired cryptocurrency directly from our reserves. This way the Etcetera API will be able to verify the transaction seconds after scanning the card, without the need of awaiting market order exchange confirmation, or transaction confirmation on the respective blockchain. In case of failed transaction, the Etcetera platform will automatically resend the transaction on the blockchain. In any case, Etcetera will guarantee the successful transaction execution for the offline customer.

THE ETCETERA MOBILE APP

The Etcetera mobile application will be an exceedingly user-friendly wallet app, allowing users to:

 Import wallets, with focus on, but not limited to, Etcetera paper gift card wallets  Consolidate wallets, e.g. when purchasing multiple Etcetera paper gift card wallets  Perform transactions  Make payments  Buy cryptocurrency using online payment  Sell cryptocurrency  Trade cryptocurrency on the Etcetera exchange



ROADMAP

2018 Etcetera ICO Q1

Q2 Etcetera Exchange Etcetera Point-of-Sales interface Q2

MID Etcetera Mobile app Etcetera cards in stores worldwide MID

ICO

During the ICO period, Etcetera will issue a bonus program to reward early ICO contributors. The bonus program will proceed in timed stages. Please refer to the ICO website for details. During the ICO period, Etcetera will issue a bounty referral program. When buying ERA tokens via an affiliate link, the referrer will receive an amount of bounty tokens equal to 2% of the purchased tokens.



TOKEN ALLOCATION



Maximum number of tokens Etcetera team Etcetera stakeholders Etcetera bounties Etcetera operational reserves Maximum tokens available for ICO



30.000.000 ERA 750.000 ERA 500.000 ERA 750.000 ERA

1.000.000 ERA 27.000.000 ERA



After the ICO, any unsold tokens will be burned. The tokens in the reserves will never be released into the exchange market. They will be used exclusively to ensure operational transaction execution, and Etcetera will maintain the reserve level. The team tokens will be vested, 50% for a period of 6 months and 50% for a period of 1 year.



FUNDS ALLOCATION

The funds will be used to develop and deploy the Etcetera platform, make the Etcetera cards available worldwide, and fund the Etcetera cryptocurrency reserve. Our main costs will include, but not be limited to, legal support, marketing and development.

Because Etcetera aims to be active worldwide, and regulations around cryptocurrencies are not always clear or in favour of cryptocurrencies, a projected 5% of the collected funds will be reserved for legal support.

For marketing a projected 20% will be reserved, considering that, initially, Etcetera's success will rely on the amount of influx received through the sales of our cards. Etcetera aims at deploying television commercials worldwide, as well as targeted marketing campaigns and high visibility of our cards in stores across the world.

For development of the Etcetera platform and production and distribution of the Etcetera cards, a projected 25% will be reserved to develop a stable and secure platform upon deployment (the Etcetera exchange, mobile application and API), establishing a secure production process of the Etcetera cards, contracting distribution channels, etc.

A projected 45% of the funds will be allocated to establish the Etcetera cryptocurrency reserves of Bitcoin, Ethereum and fiat currencies, which will be used to ensure fast, reliable and secure deposits through the Etcetera API and the Etcetera platform as a whole.

The remaining 5% will be allocated to our research department which will focus on developing new Etcetera products, like the Etcetera cryptocurrency debit card and others.

Of course, these percentages are estimates, and are subject to change during the lifetime of the Etcetera project.



