WHITE

PAPER V1.0

Decentralised Travel Booking Marketplace.

1st January 2018 www.etheracoin.io



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY

We designed and began to develop Etheracoin.io, a decentralized travel booking marketplace. Etheracoin.io will be the first system of travel which connects consumers and vendors directly together over the platform, to discuss their deals without any fee or commission. In addition to that, we will build Etheracoin.io that will be the first global travel marketplace/application that will connect with the decentralized engine and utilize the blockchain. (The Etheracoin.io Marketplace). The decentralized system will hold the CGE booking ledger which will be the core of the ecosystem. Existing platforms (e.g. Booking.com, Airbnb. com, Expedia.com) are currently centralized and take fees from the vendors and/or the end customer. Additional middlemen are the payment processors. All listings and deal parameters on Etheracoin.io will be decentralized on the NEO blockchain, eliminating all 3rd parties and guaranteeing transparent execution.

For Vendors  Etheracoin.io the marketplace website and mobile clients will present an easy-touse interface to add and edit their listings on the decentralized CGE Ledger. API integrated oneclick solutions for transferring current listings from other platforms providing maximum comfort. Traditional payment methods (e.g. Visa/Master Card) will also be supported as an option. The synergy between the etheracoin.io marketplace and the decentralized CGE Ledger provides an ecosystem that is self-sufficient and powerful enough to compete with the best service providers in the $500 Billion travel and tourism sector.

For Consumers - Will be able to browse through their favorite listings, using both web and mobile apps, utilizing reviews that cannot be tampered with due utilizing the blockchain. We will focus the Etheracoin.io marketplace to be as user-centric as possible, offering comfortable user interface and overall experience. By default, the 0% commission model provides the lowest rates, possible only when end customer and property owner deal directly. Current market middlemen take 15-40% of the deal. Releasing the CGE Ledger as a decentralized solution will bring this value back to the end-customer, allowing cheaper travel. Thus, by integrating marketplaces such as Etheracoin.io, the value of the CGE token will increase and will become a catalyst for change in the industry.

For The World  The entire decentralized CGE Ledger, built on the NEO blockchain, will be open source and free-to-use by anyone in the world. Etheracoin.io website and the app will be the first end-user applications on top of this blockchain platform.

2



TABLE OF CONTENTS

Executive Summary 1.0 Introduction 2.0 Market Overview 3.0 Etheracoin Business model 4.0 Why Blockchain? 5.0 CGE Ledger 6.0 CGE Token Sale 7.0 Decentralised App & Web Platform 8.0 Project Dynamics & System Architecture 9.0 Technical

10. Business & Platform Development Roadmap 11.0 Team 12.0 Risk factors 13.0 Regulatory strategy 14.0 FAQ 15.0 References 16.0 Disclaimer



1.0 INTRODUCTION

1.1 Inspiration

Travel & tourism generated approximately $7.2 Trillion (9.8% of global GDP) in 2016 [1]. Online booking covers a majority of the revenues with 76% of those bookings taken online [2]. However, in this situation, the 76% of online booking often go through one the big 5 intermediaries dominating the industry, collectively setting high percentage booking fees. In turn reducing and slowing the development of these businesses. Due to the lack of change over the last decade within online booking platforms, this presents an opportunity for utilization of the blockchain within the industry.

1.2 Overview

Current online platforms have such power over vendors they issue an average of 30% fee on each booking (In some cases we have seen up to 50% fees). Due to the dominance of the key players, it's hard for vendors from small to large groups to go elsewhere, until now. Etheracoin.io provides a user-friendly booking and exchange platform utilizing the NEO blockchain. The platform will be beneficial for vendors, offering them considerable lower costs to use the platform. Thus, allowing vendors to set a lower price for consumers but retain a higher profit they are entitled to. The platform will provide a transparent, safe and non-influential environment for consumer something which we haven't yet seen within the industry.

1.3 Vision

Etheracoin.io will be developed as a decentralized application and web-platform that allows us to move away from the common treats which are presented within the industry at the current moment. Etheracoin.io aims to be the most transparent, secure and safe system for booking and purchase of all aspect of the travel and tourism sector.

1.4 Booking Speed, Safety and Transparency

Current intermediaries take bookings with an average confirmation time between 24-48 hours. They also allow vendors to pay for reviews to be manipulated and changed accordingly. These intermediaries also state they play no role in the refund process if listings aren't as described or there is a discrepancy with the booking. This is common practice across multiple monopolies within the industry which highlights a disregard for both vendors and consumers within the supply chain.

4



1.0 INTRODUCTION



1.5 Areas of Revolution



Below are the 10 key areas in which Etheracoin Coin surpasses benefit over the traditional means of booking.



1. Blockchain  The technology enables us to control and automate systematic errors which occur in the current process of booking.

2. Reviews  Blockchain allows transparency

and honesty to the review system.

3. Overbooking  Blockchain will allow us to never double book a single booking.

4. Fraud  Bring cryptography to the industry will reduce credit and debit card fraud. Also reducing the risk of any personal data being stored anywhere.

5. Traveller profiles  Blockchain enables one unified profile available to those explicitly given access.

6. Settlement  Blockchain provides money transfers in real-time, instant settlement, streamlined and continuous auditing and reduction of fees.



7. Loyalty  System standards for users to meet, give them rewards upon reaching goals etc. This will use an automated system.

8. Policy and compliance  Blockchain facilitates users to book locations they desire as long as it's within policy. Travel data still gets collected, consolidated and made available, instantly.

9. Duty of care  With blockchain, risk management systems could be granted access to a traveler's location at any time, benefiting greatly in cases of calamities.

10. Removing silos  Blockchain allows a predominance of permission and private blockchain in the industry, closed ecosystems are already well developed, so this is the next step forward for the industry.



5



1.0 INTRODUCTION



1.6 Solution



Etheracoin.io solves the issues stated above by creating an innovative decentralised application and web-platform which utilises the NEO blockchain to bring;







Speed to transactions incorporating instant transactions between users (Instant



transactions over the NEO blockchain 1,000 TPS).







Safety to booking in case of disputes or discrepancies - we will offer a dispute option



within each booking made via Etheracoin.io platforms. (Evidence of the issue within the



booking/service would need to be presented and both parties must respond in due time to



come to an agreement about the issue).







Transparent and accurate reviews (Blockchain doesn't allow reviews to be manipulated or



edited so there's always honest feedback from genuine customers).







Peer-To-Peer communication between vendor and consumer (This has never yet been



done in the travel industry).



6



2.0 MARKET OVERVIEW



2.1 Total Contribution of Travel & Tourism

2016 USD

12,000 10,000

8,000 6,000 4,000 2,000

0



2,007 2,008 2,009 2,010 2,011 2,012 2,013 2,014 2,015

2,01 6 2,0 17 2,027



DIRECT



INDIRECT INDUCED



2.2 Breakdown of Travel & Tourism's total



contribution to GBP and employment 2016



GDP (2016 USD)



1,327

3,639

2,230 107,833 124,880 50,865



DIRECT



INDIRECT INDUCED



= Total contribution of travel & tourism



Employment (`000)



General Investment Positives:

 Gross bookings have shown continues growth.

 Passenger demand growth is expected to remain strong and stable.

 The Chinese market is strong, and many vendors are adding more availability.

 Oil will stabilize at levels lower than it has been at before 2014. This will support an increase

in travel volume, even if travel volume remains flat on an oiladjusted basis. Oil remains one of the few macroeconomic positives for the travel industry.



7



2.0 MARKET OVERVIEW



2.3 Online Sector Review



Growth in the Online Travel Agency industry is likely to be below the expectations set by the last few years. The conversion from offline to online booking is largely complete, and industry growth depends on the slower organic growth of the whole travel industry as opposed to a shift within it. As travel service vendors react to the slowdown in growth, the Online Travel Agencies could face declining rates on transactions hurting profitability. Vendors of travel services seek to cut out the intermediaries. A strengthening dollar will weigh on international revenues. Hotel room bookings are a significant driver of revenue for most of the industry.



Most of the websites function like metasearch engines that pull prices and offerings from their network, and in some cases the websites of the vendors themselves. The term metasearch is used since each vendor's website is a search engine that shows listings from only that company across times locations or services. Online advertising space specific to travel is also sold. This creates two types of consumers, travel consumers and travel vendors.



2.4 Key industry Digital travel sales worldwide from 2014 to 2019 (in billion U.S. dollars)



P/E



28.9



P/S



7.19



ROE Est 3-5 Yr

Historic 3 Yr

Historic 3 Yr Sales

Beta



24.65% 21.16%

23.8%

23.1%

1.43



Top Firms by



Priceline Expedia CTrip TripAdvisor Custom Portfolio Priceline Expedia CTrip



66,766M 16,162M 13,571M

9,374M

63.07% 15.30% 12.78%



TripAdvisor



8.85%



1000

800 600 400 200

0



470.97



533.52



593.18



649.85 704.77



762.34



2014 2015 2016* 2017* 2018* 2019*



Priceline: TripAdvisor:



Booking.com Priceline.com Agoda.com KAYAK RentalCars.com

OpenTable

TripAdvisor.com

Viator.com



Expedia: Ctrip:



Expedia.com Hotels.com Hotwire Travelocity Egencia CarRentals.com Orbitz.com

Cheaptickets.com

Ctrip.com



Currently in the online travel market Priceline, Expedia, TripAdvisor & Ctrip have complete monopolies over the market. Consumers don't even realize that these companies are monopolies as they present themselves as competing brands. They allow consumers to believe that they have a choice when in fact the ownership of each platform is in the hands of the same corporations.



8



3.0 ETHERACOIN BUSINESS MODEL

3.1 What Does Etheracoin.io Offer?

Etheracoin.io is a marketplace offering a transparent, simple booking platform for Hotels, Tour and property exchanges within the travel & tourism industry. By creating a global interactive purchasing and exchange platform, reducing the cost for all users whilst considerably increasing service levels and accessibility. Etheracoin.io improves all aspects of what is currently offered within the industry.



3.2 Network Scalability



Within industry an average transaction per online platform is approximately 1,000 TPS (transaction per second). Etheracoin.io initially looked to use Ethereum however long-term scalability of ETH simply wouldn't scale up to the transaction speed and quantity that we expect. This directed Etheracoin.io to utilize the NEO blockchain currently running at 1,000 confirmed TPS with the potential to reach 10,000 TPS. To compete for a strong market position Etheracoin. io will utilize the NEO blockchain to its optimum [3].

3.3 Benefits Of Etheracoin.io



Etheracoin.io acts as a facilitator in the transaction between the vendor and consumer, presenting the listings of hotels, tours or property exchanges offered upon the Etheracoin network.







Peer-To-Peer communication offered between vendor and consumer







Minimal charges on booking transactions







Considerably lower operational cost for all listings







Transparent platform and network







Secure and safe operational system







0% Booking Commision Fees for Vendors



9



3.0 ETHERACOIN BUSINESS MODEL

3.4 Customer Segmentation

Our consumer segmentation is divided into 2 sections, as we target both consumers and vendors for our platforms: Consumers:  Millennials aged: 18-35 are the consumer target for the app.  From 35+ on the web-platform. (Both platforms work coherently and complement each other). Vendors:  Hotel & resort vendors.  Trip & tour operators: from small solo-run tours to operators with multi-tours.  All services within travel we will look to incorporate in the long term directly through the app and

web platform.

3.5 Distribution Channels

Prior communications with our network, within the travel sector, indicate the industry's support to Etheracoin.io's concept and that they look forward to becoming part of Etheracoin.io when it is ready. Social media channels will be a key focus to reach our specific target demographics (Including Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube). Also, incorporating the use of Google keywords (SEO) as another focal point. We will adjust our campaigns in specific periods of the year when consumers make bookings, in each respective of location and will target those areas with special offers. (To make it easier for vendors to join we are incorporating the use of specific API's which will allow them to simply click to transfer listings from existing sites they operate on).

3.6 Costing Breakdown Structure

 Development of the application and web-platform  Maintenance and updating of application & web-platform.  Marketing: Reaching the target audience of the consumers and vendors.  Employment: Bringing together a team of strong and diverse individuals adaptable and

experienced within blockchain and all technical areas of digital business operations.

10



3.0 ETHERACOIN BUSINESS MODEL

3.7 Revenue Streams

Etheracoin.io is a travel booking platform with 0% commission free and we plan on utilizing featured/sponsored advertising. Search pages will contain up to 3 featured ads within each consumer search. We will only be offering 3 positions on each page to be available for featured ads this has a twofold advantage firstly we will not be inundating the page with advertising, therefore, diminishing the value of the organic searches. And, secondly, this website real estate will have premium value for the vendor wishing to promote their offering above the standard organic search. We envision a proportion of the saving that each vendor receives from using a 0% booking fee site will actually be utilized to pay for this featured space. The adverts of this featured space will be similar to the standard organic search but will have a small indicator showing that they are featured and therefore paid for by the vendor. This will enable a consumer to still have a choice as to which type of search result to click on thereby maintaining the quality and independence of the search listings. NOTE: This will have no impact on the organic rankings of each listing. Our goal is to optimize trade between consumers and vendors but to never impact on fair trade or quality standards.

11



4.0 WHY BLOCKCHAIN?

4.1 Systematic Recording

The Etheracoin.io ledger is an open-sourced verifiable record, which confirms that a transaction has followed the correct procedures. Consumers will have confidence that payments will be made instantly whilst recording the terms of the deal over the Blockchain. Including bringing transparency to the review process upon the platform.

4.2 Reduction in Transaction Costs

Blockchain allows us to move away from traditional methods of transaction fees often ranging between 1% to 10% set as flat fees regardless of transaction sizes. By using CGE this will significantly reduce the cost of a transaction, giving considerable savings to all users utilizing the Etheracoin.io platform.

NOTE: Etheracoin.io will accept both fiat and cryptocurrencies. Rates of transaction fees will vary dependant on method of payment.

4.3 Automated Disputes

We will be incorporating a systematic autonomous dispute function within the marketplace. Our ecosystem will operate all standard disputes based on the evidence provided by the parties involved. E.g. If a consumer booked an all-inclusive hotel booking with vendor A, and during their stay they had food poisoning. The vendor would have pre-agreed within our terms and conditions that if the consumer can provide evidence such as a doctor's note from the period of time during their stay, when this issue occurred they would be entitled to a refund. All cases will be assessed thoroughly and constantly monitored by our team.

4.4 Peer-To-Peer Communication

Etheracoin.io will be the first booking platform to incorporate a direct connection between both the vendor and consumer via peer-to-peer chat. This chat will be privately hidden within the blockchain. Thus, allowing a consumer to ask and understand any questions, royalty discounts or deals that are currently on offer from said vendor.

4.5 Safe & Transparent

Etheracoin.io platform is designed specifically to be fully transparent for both vendors and consumers whilst offering a fairer deal. By reducing costs for vendors, in turn, bring costs down for consumers whilst increasing service levels. Safety within the marketplace is essential and needs to be evident within the industry, this is somewhat lacking at the present moment across all other platforms currently available online.

12



5.0 CGE LEDGER

5.1 Etheracoin.io Community

By constructing a community around CGE, it allows us to add value to the system and in what we can build around it. Evidentially this will become somewhat of a focus point for the attraction of new users over to the Etheracoin.io platform and ecosystem. Our platform allows ease of accessibility for both consumers and vendors to both list and purchases anything upon the user-friendly platform.

5.2 CGE Monetary Reserve

By developing the community around CGE, it allows us to diversify the added value brought to the system. By managing and establishing the CGE as the core software protocol we ensure that Etheracoin.io always remains fair. Thus, the payment structure for exchange of monetary value for the service being provided can always remain efficient, complete in real-time and professionally regulated.

5.3 CGE Engine

The decentralized CGE engine will be completely autonomous and once deployed will unquestionably continue to exist. Operations and construction of the CGE ledger will be as followed (This shows some, however, is not limited to):  Booking placement  Booking confirmation policy  Check-in requirements & upgrade possibilities  Deposit holding  Deposit withholding  Deposit release/refunding upon check-out  Dispute trigger & dispute terms  Managing bookings  Optional history/reputation requirement for consumer  Payment processing  User profiling  User review (Both consumer & vendor)

13



5.0 CGE LEDGER

5.4 CGE Purpose

CGE is the intended token and payment method to be utilized on the Etheracoin.io platform. The platform will take fiat payments via Visa/MasterCard and potentially other forms of Cryptocurrency as we develop in future.  Users utilizing CGE will see a considerably reduced cost of transaction fees rather than using fiat or other forms of cryptocurrencies which incur different levels of fees.

5.5 Ledger Coverage

The ledger will be open source, free to use and will regulate and store all the transaction execution data via smart contract triggers. Operations of the decentralized CGE ledger will be as followed (This shows some, however, is not limited to):  Booking placement  Booking confirmation policy  Check-in requirements & upgrade possibilities  Deposit holding  Deposit withholding  Deposit release/refunding upon check-out  Dispute trigger & dispute terms  Optional history/reputation requirement for consumer  User review (Both consumer & vendor)

5.6 Involvement

Etheracoin.io: Developing the concept within the community build around Etheracoin.io, CGE aims to be the most commonly used payment method. The platform also facilitates the transaction from vendor to consumers showcasing the key benefits of utilizing the blockchain. Etheracoin Global Limited : CGE token value dependent on the trade price at the current moment in time. To ensure fair discounts and bonuses are giving CGE will be monitors constantly.

14



5.0 DECENTRALIZED LEDGER



5.7 Etheracoin.io Driver



Etheracoin.io intends to integrate CGE into the ecosystem, which all users will benefit significantly. The ecosystem is largely driven by the number of vendors and availability within different regions or areas where consumers are looking to visit. Due to this Etheracoin.io allows;







Vendors space to advertise listings for a given period of time (3 Months for free)







Offerings of discounts in CGE for consumers on specific listings. (encouraging usage of



native CGE token).







Consumers regularly utilizing CGE on the Etheracoin.io platform will be liable for an



upgraded account in which more discounts are visible.



15



6.0 CGE TOKEN SALE



6.1 Overview

Token Sale Details: Token Background:

Token distribution event dates

Type of Offer: Token Ticker: Total Tokens Quantity: Tokens Available at Sales:



http://www.etheracoin.io/

Etheracoin.io is a marketplace for the booking of Hotels, Tours & Property Exchanges. The tokens will be utilized upon the platform; token holders will also receive benefits in future for holding the tokens.

Sale Start =1st January 2018 - 9AM UTC Pre-Sale End = 4th April 2018 - 9AM UTC

Main-Sale Start = TBC Main-Sale End = TBC

ICO ETR 5,00,000,000

Pre-sale: 20,00,00,000



Accepted Cryptocurrencies for Event:



BTC, ETHEREUM



ANY TOKENS NOT SOLD IN THE TOKEN SALES WILL BE DESTROYED.



16



6.0 ETR TOKEN SALE

6.2 Early Adoption Bonuses

Week 1 Week 2 Week 3 Week 4



STAGE-1







Price Per Token = $0.5 USD







Bonus = 25%







Duration: 15 Days



STAGE-2







Price Per Token = $0.65 USD







Bonus = 25%



Duration: 15 Days



STAGE-3







Price Per Token = $0.75 USD







Bonus = 20%



Duration: 15 Days



STAGE-4







Price Per Token = $1.00 USD







Bonus = 15%



Duration: 15 Days



STAGE-5







Price Per Token = $ 1.25 USD







Bonus = 10%



Duration: 15 Days



25% 15% 10% NO BONUS



STAGE-6







Price Per Token = $ 1.5 USD







Bonus = 5%



Duration: 15 Days



STAGE-7







Price Per Token = $ 2 USD







Bonus = 0%



Duration: 4 Days



ETR token is based on the ETHEREUM Blockchain and the ETHEREUM smart contract, ETHEREUM Contract.

Prices after pre-sale are subject to change. (Price volatility of market cannot be accounted for).



17



6.0 ETR TOKEN SALE

6.3 Token Distribution

65% 15%

20%



Sold at token distribution events Retained for team, advisors, community and supports  30% Founders

 20% Present Team

 20% Future Hires

 30% Advisors, Community, including Backers

Reserved for future development. We will hold these tokens for future business development, R&D, fundraising and expansion into other markets and sectors.



20% 15%



65%



Public Distribution Retained for team

Reserved for future development



20% Reserved for Future Development Breakdown



Year 1 Year 2 Retained



5 Million Tokens: Used for motivation of developers within ETR ecosystem.

5 Million Tokens: Further platform

development and employment hire. 10 Million Tokens will be retained as contingency.



18



6.0 ETR TOKEN SALE

6.4 Fund Allocation

50% 20% 25% 2.5% 2.5%



Application and web-platform development and technical developments

Business development and Employment hire/wages

Worldwide integration of the platform (Inc. Marketing)

Legal  Set aside in case of any legal issues that arise Servers and Administration



2% 3%



15% 30%



50%



Development Internal Business Integration Legal Servers & Admin



19



7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

7.1 System & Logistics

For consumers: A simple easy to navigate mobile and web platform that allows easy browsing of the specific location they are interested to visit. They have the ability to message the vendor with real-time instant messaging, upon making the decision of service they can use the purchase button to begin the transaction. For vendors: We offer an easy to use mobile and web platforms with simple add and editing ability to upload themselves onto the Etheracoin.io platform. We will be incorporateing API's to allow the vendors a one-click solution to transferring their current listings from other platforms.

Consumers, vendors & investors will see the ETR utility token increase in value considerably once the platform

becomes live.

20



7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

This visual image allows you to specifically see the current issue we are trying to address. Current situation is as followed:

Current Solution

The following visual is our solution to this issue: Etheracoin.io Solution

Etheracoin.io

Fixed 10% booking fee

From the visual examples above we highlight the issue of the current system which Etheracoin. io aims to completely disrupt and modernize. With this module, it enables Etheracoin.io to offer lower costs, increased customer satisfaction and develops long-term data for the purpose of analyzing consumer trends.

7.2 Payment

Etheracoin.io operates a simple payment system; the user can opt to use the ETR token and fiat currency via Visa/Master cards transactions as payments. Using fiat currency will, however, incur the going rate for that payment system fee on the transaction. This is to enable non-crypto users to be able to use the platform and still see considerable benefits in comparison to using already established platforms.

21



7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

To the right, show the architecture you when the user purchases over the Web platform.



3. Auth reads the login ETR account from the ETR cloud

2. Website requests auto to auth server



4. The server requests the owner of the login ETR account to validate the request



1. User navigates to website, inputs his or her ETR address or email



7. The mobile app signs the authentication challenge and returns it to the server



5. The user, owner of the login ETR account, receives the authentication request in his or her smartphone



6. The user approves the request



Followed by the architecture when the user purchases over the app.



6. The user sends the transaction to the ETR network



7. The authentication server receives confirmation of the mapping between the user's address and the

login address



8. The authentication server notifies the mobile app the registration is complete



4. The user installs Metamask and inputs the address sent in the email in the wallet website

5. The wallet website prepares a transaction to establish the mapping between the user's ETR address and his new login address, it then signals Metamask so the user can send this transaction to the network



2. The mobile app generates a new ETR address for logins and sends all the info the the auth server



3. The user receives an email with his new ETR login address



1. User opens the mobile app and enters his email address and new unlock platform



22



7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

7.3 Payment Transaction Process

Sale Process - Overview 1. Sale agreed  Consumer makes a fiat payment to purchase ETR tokens. 2. ETR tokens then used to make the payment over blockchain. 3. ETR arrives in vendors account to be converted into fiat when vendor chooses. 4. The vendor would select change to fiat automatically done through the Etheracoin.io platform. Sale Process - Detailed 1. Sale agreed  Consumer uses Fiat or crypto (BTC, ETHEREUM, LTC) to buy ETR. 2. A BUY order appears on the system to be fulfilled in the general market using an API (Some marketplaces this can be done such as HitBTC). 3. If the order is not fulfilled within a certain time period Etheracoin.io will fulfill the order. 4. ETR is then sent to the vendors account over the blockchain. 5. Vendor chooses when to withdraw the ETR and places a SELL order Again automated by an API process. 6. If the order is not fulfilled within a certain time period Etheracoin.io will fulfill the order.

23



7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

These architecture images show the background of the backend system which goes on during each transaction. The following images shows the simplicity of the transaction for the user when utilizing the web platform. 1. Enter the details of the sale 2. Tap "Request payment" to display the QR code 3. The customer scans the QR code with their phone and taps pay to confirm the transaction 4. The vendor receives the payment and the booking is completed. (When using the app, the authorization will be done via the phone).

7.4 Mitigate the risks of price fluctuations

ETR will be equivalent to fiat currencies that users exchange. The ETR token will be utilized as a means of exchange in the Etheracoin ecosystem. If a user converts their fiat currencies into ETR currency using US dollars, for example, the amount of ETR the user receives will be equivalent to the value of the US dollar at the specific moment in time. When booking, the current price at that given time is used as the payment price.

24



7.0 DECENTRALISED APP & WEB PLATFORM

7.5 Forwards

Currencies exchange market trade 24 hours a day, so a forward is a contract whereby parties agree to trade an asset at later date at a price specified in the present. With this forward contract, a user can negate the risk of price fluctuations in the ETR ecosystem.

7.6 Wallet

Etheracoin.io wallet has an interface that is user-friendly and simple to operate, running in the web environment. It will be downloadable via the Github. The wallet will follow that of the ETHEREUMn wallet and have a feature to `Participate in the token sale'. KYC will also come into play within this process of wallet download. Multi-signature accounts are best suited for accounts with numerous users like for corporations It's safe because all involved parties are required to sign before transactions are authenticated Wallets will be integrated into platform allowing ease of transaction for all users.

7.7 Etheracoin Ecosystem:

Wallet: exchange rates provided on the Etheracoin wallet will be derived from finance meta-data distributors. However, debit cards users will be able to both online and walk-in merchant booking. There will be no need to withdraw cash and deal with counting change after payment, making users' lives more convenient.

7.8 Platform Coverage

Etheracoin.io is a platform that covers 3 segments of travel and tourism specifically hotel bookings, tour bookings and property exchanges. With a possibility to go into other areas (see roadmap). Users of Etheracoin.io will be able to reach the platform via our web platform, iOS mobile app for iPhone or iPad and on android mobiles and tablets.

7.9 Platform Challenges and Expansion

Etheracoin.io is a platform that covers 3 segments of travel and tourism specifically hotel bookings, tour bookings and property exchanges. Users of Etheracoin.io will be able to reach the platform via our web platform, iOS mobile app for iPhone or iPad and on Android mobiles and tablets.

25



8.0 PROJECT DYNAMICS & SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE

8.1 System Architecture

The project dynamics and system design of Etheracoin.io consist of 3 layers: User Layer  Both the app and web platform interface will work coherently. The app will be for iOS and Android (Smartphones and tablets). Centralized Backend Layer  This allows us to keep a mirror database of the decentralized ETR Ledger. Due to the high cost to keep data on the blockchain, Etheracoin.io will be keeping user listing content (Content, pictures, and videos) on its servers. All transactions will be completed via the blockchain smart contacts.

Decentralized Blockchain Layer  This layer is open-source and will continue to be allowing collective use for all. We support the use of develops and encourage more applications to use it in future. Etheracoin.io will use ETHEREUM blockchain allowing us to hold data on bookings and settlement information. Whilst keeping secure, performed over the blockchain. (The payment rules for each booking). Currently, leaders within the market have significantly good user experience, constantly optimized web and mobile platforms. Users of the platforms such as booking.com and kayak have been wellinformed upon how to make bookings and we intent to build upon this proven model. We will use this user-friendly system easy navigated system as a foundation and innovate to create the best platform available.

26



8.0 PROJECT DYNAMICS & SYSTEM ARCHITECTURE

8.2 Project Dynamics

We will be developing native applications for all iOS and Android devices, along with HTML5 web platform. Both serve as the front end for the user (both consumer and vendor). Communicating with both the centralized and decentralized backend of Etheracoin. The structure of the architecture will allow easy add-on of any new interfaces for emerging platforms such as; VR, AR or information points. (If we see that users will benefit from that).

Project Dynamics

Our ETR's centralized backend is based on Go/ NodeJS /PHP /MySQL server for its operations. The decentralized ETR Ledger is based on utilizing the power of smart contracts on the ETHEREUM blockchain. ETR platform will be an outstanding master-piece of synergy between traditional and emerging technology, with 100% user-centric ideology and foundation design that will be open source and free to the public.

27



9.0 TECHNICAL

9.1 Implementation

We are using ETHEREUMcontracts to build the ETR token on the public blockchain with presetup static nodes. Smart contracts contain several smart contracts, including the main contract which serves as the main entrance to the system for users and reserve managers. User's wallet: app wallets utilize a user-friendly interface to support users. Integration with existing wallet apps. Reserve manager portal: aids the management of the reserve by displaying their performance, network stats, supporting different strategies and algorithms to make prices/rebalance. Operator dashboard: help operators manage the entire system. Also expanding to data analysis dashboard at a later date. Etheracoin.io is implemented as an NEP-5 - compatible token over the public ETHEREUM blockchain and is the natural fit for ETR token. Compatibility with the NEP-5 standard leverages the strong existing infrastructure of the ETHEREUM ecosystem such as development tools, wallets, and exchanges. The ability to program trusted smart contracts over ETHEREUM with a turning complete language allows for robust and secure customisation of the cryptocurrency to the domain-specific requirements in a fully decentralized manner.

9.2 Considerations

ETR token is a currency that is both digital and decentralized, ETR token is available at the token distribution events. Transactions become final and there is no double-spending. The more confirmations a merchant can demand before considering the transactions to be settled, the less possibility a hacker can attempt to make the network orphan the newest block in the blockchain.

28



10.0



ROADMAP



Business & Platform Development Road Map



Time Period

17 Q2  17 Q4

18 Q1



Proposed Movement

 Founders of etheracoin meet to confirm ideas around decentralized travel platform.  Founders meet with developers and initiate the start of the decentralized application and web platform build.  Token is tested and ready for release.  White paper has been completed, published and sent out to specific investors, ready for marketing.  Whitepaper available in both English and Chinese.  Sale website optimised  Web platform and application designed around user accessibility.  Etheracoin.io whitepaper release

 Pre-sale initiating continuing to the main-sale over a 2-month period  Defining and initial development the back-end structure of the etheracoin.io platform  UI design and initial development of front-end of application and website platform.  Hire vital employees: - Blockchain developers - Front-end developers - Back-end developers - Sales and marketing employees - iOS and android developers & web developers



29



10.0



ROADMAP



Business & Platform Development Road Map



Time Period

18 Q2 -18 Q3



Proposed Movement

 Listing ETR token on exchanges (Approximately 1-month after Main-sale concludes)  Integration of platform in line with blockchain including fiat and cryptocurrency payment methods.  Peer-to-Peer chat option and amalgamation of AI-based dispute system development

 Beta testing

 Release of Etheracoin.io beta application and web platform

 Release Hotel bookings on the platform  Launch industry promotional activities developing partnership with key hotel and resort chains

 Further development of platform and releasing V.1 of Etheracoin.io



18 Q4



 Research of expansion of Etheracoin.io into different regions after initially starting in south-east Asia and Australia (Regions will be chosen based on an estimated speed of adoption)

 Partnerships with blockchain identity security platforms ensuring privacy with direct chats and within the payment system

 Release Tour bookings on the platform

 Press release around the tour options and reach out to key tour providers

 Release V.2 of the Etheracoin.io platform updated now offering tour bookings



30



10.0 ROADMAP



Business & Platform Development Road Map



Time Period

19 Q1 -19 Q4



Proposed Movement

 Partnerships with universities and other educational institutions upholding youth development in forms of internships with yearly positions available within Etheracoin.io  Release property exchanges onto the platform  Press release around the property exchanges  Release V.3 of the Etheracoin.io platform updated now offering property exchanges  Advancement into other regions such as Europe, North and South America



2020 - 2025



 Research into other areas of travel which Etheracoin.io could bring benefit to

 Analysis and research areas of travel available on the Etheracoin.io platform. (Such as; Taxi bookings, Rent-a-car, Boating charters)

 Develop augmented reality (AR) and virtual reality (VR) into the system for browsing purposes of consumers

 Launch in multiple areas within travel (Such as; Taxi bookings, Renta-car, Boating charters) - Market analysis will justify which area to enter into what region first.



NOTE: Etheracoin.io roadmap is subject to change due to market fluctuations, competition, and user adoption. The roadmap summaries the key framework of operations and the direction in which the company directs itself. Etheracoin.io will also strive to bring a safe secure and transparent platform to the travel industry.



31



11.0 TEAM

Chreis Blattman

Founder & CEO

Alax Moufl

Founder & CEO



As founder and CEO of numerous business in travel such as; Club Class Holidays Thailand operating over Thailand, Bali and Singapore, Luxury travel agent Vietnam and Yogull. Also partner in both Walkers Whisky and Resort Vacations. Adam has a very strong background in high level business movements and development following a successful career as a Royal Marine. Having invested into cryptocurrency in 2013 and seeing its potential, then became involved with blockchain talks all over south-east Asia presenting his knowledge and its ability to like-minded individuals. Previously working with a prominent crypto coin endorsing their cryptocurrency across Vietnam operating their digital marketing. With diversity and proven skills in management, sales, cryptocurrency, digital marketing, business development and web- development.

Alax is a marketing guru and a serial entrepreneur. He has founded and directed multiple holidays property sales businesses from the ground up. Steve has been involved in Bitcoin and cryptocurrency since the early days and this led him to become involved in a marketing and development role with the start-up of another prominent crypto coin that is soon to be released on all platforms. His experience and understanding of blockchain technology and the cryptocurrency space is hard to match. On an earlier return to the UK Steve set up a successful online lead generation business. After meeting his Vietnamese wife he moved to Vietnam becoming a key Sales and Marketing Advisor for a now multi-million dollar travel and cruise operator. Proven skills in marketing, digital marketing, web development and extensive experience in the travel sector led him to Etheracoin.io

32



11.0 TEAM

Patrick Brown

COO

Marius Silensik CFO



Patrick a diverse background across numerous roles within multinational businesses specifically in travel in roles such as; Resort management and worldwide sales. Having become an international commercial journalist writing for Country special production(B2B) Das Kapital, The European, USA Today, New York Post. With a business career incorporating business & IT consultancy, resort and dive management worldwide, real estate. Involved in numerous business start-up and developments across Mexico, Indonesia, Canary Islands, including direct contribution with the premier independent luxury real estate agency in Bali Indonesia. Having followed the developments in blockchain technology and cryptocurrency since 2012 this has become a focal point for involvement. With strong expertise in finance, management, investment, B2B interactions, marketing, and sales across many sectors specifically, travel.

Marius has over 30 years experience working with new, emerging and existing technologies. He has a passion for technology and a natural ability to innovate, developing new and existing systems to enhance and support the expansion of startups and fast-growing businesses. He is an experienced and versatile CTO with sales skills and a proven record of success within highly competitive, leading edge, financial, B2B/B2C & commercial market sectors. He is results orientated and profit-focused with a wealth of experience in designing, developing and implementing systems & networks.

Strong leadership, strategic marketing and Paul Spallini

technical development experience are just some of

the assets he brings to the Etheracoin team.

33



12.0 RISK FACTORS

The following are the risk factors in relation to Etheracoin.io business operations and specifically the ICO stage  Etheracoin.io may not reach the targeted asked for within the crowdfunding stage to execute the

business plan but will always develop the app anyway.  The ETR token may be significantly influenced by digital currency market trends and ETR's

value may severely depreciate due to non-ETR related events within the cryptocurrency world as in any token offering.  Etheracoin.io is a complex software platform and the official launch could be postponed due to unpredicted development barriers as all new software has some form of bugs.  Competition could possibly mimic Etheracoin.io movements causing loss of market share, however, the our connections within the travel industry will enable us a to build a strong foundation giving us a head start.  Cryptocurrency is extremely volatile and could potentially ETR tokens may suffer due to this.  The plans outlined in this white paper may be altered as the project progresses, taking into consideration each variable at the given point in time.

13.0 REGULATORY STRATEGY

Cross-border payment via the blockchain may be subject to regulatory scrutiny in certain areas in the future. As the blockchain develops and the decentralized system becomes more widely used we anticipate that governments may implement certain strategies to regulate those utilizing cryptography this will only make Etheracoin.io even stronger on the world stage. Within decentralized applications, not one entity has control over the infrastructure required for its operation. This allows us to separate the infrastructure from the app content, in our case the travel sector. The resulting structure has the advantage of modular isolation: separate functions in the system can operate in isolation from one and other emphasizing the ability the vendor will have to be part of the development of the application. Modular isolation is an advantage when companies or individuals come to regulatory compliance: each only needs to comply with the regulation within its limited field, therefore lowering the cost of creating the required specification and making it easier for new businesses to start up and young businesses to develop.

34



14.0 FAQ



Why Etheracoin?

Why the travel and tourism sector?



Simple, etheracoin means `Someone's job to help you' and this is exactly what we are here to do.

Our founders have operated within the travel & tourism sector for the past 25 years and have many connections with hotels, resort groups, tour and trip operators.



We facilitate the connection between consumer and vendor:

We support the blockchain community:



Etheracoin.io brings together both the consumer and vendor allowing direct communication. Our focus here is to bring transparency to travel and allow vendors to be honest and liable if standards aren't as described.

We believe in the power of the blockchain and will use ETR tokens where possible and minimal fiat currency's when making our ideas reality.



We are transparent:



Funds will be escrowed and our books will be audited accordingly.



Etheracoin.io is open source:



We believe in creating a better tomorrow, therefore, sharing our work with the world is essential for future development.



We are responsible:



Our passion is in what change we can make in the world, therefore, we are limiting our personal gains. We are devoted to bringing the general public a platform of trust, honesty, and fairness.



We offer the highest level of innovation within our work:



Our team comes from a diverse background giving us the advantage to develop a system that will disrupt the global market.



35



15.0 REFERENCES

1. World Travel and Tourism Council - https://www.wttc.org 2. Holiday Habit Report 2016 - https://abta.com/assets/uploads/general/2016_Holiday_Habits_ Report.pdf 3. ETHEREUM VS Ethereum - https://coinsutra.com/ETHEREUM-vs-ethereum-differences/ 4. WTTC-TRAVEL & TOURISM ECONOMIC IMPACT 2017 - Expedia, Priceline, TripAdvisor 2015 Form 10-K - https://www.wttc.org 5. Etheracoin.io - https://etheracoin.io

36



16.0 DISCLAIMER

16.1 Disclaimer

This white paper does not constitute an offer or solicitation to sell securities or shares and is for informational purposes only. The ETR token is considered a utility tool built within blockchain technology. The Etheracoin token (ETR) offering does not represent a stock or sale of securities; the Etheracoin token does not grant equity or voting rights; the Etheracoin token does not grant ownership rights directly or indirectly to the Etheracoin company, it's physical, virtual or intellectual properties; the Etheracoin token does not grant a debt security and is not an instrument of debt; the Etheracoin token does not pay an interest payment to token holders. If any future offers become active they will be made through confidential and appropriate channels and follow all necessary legal requirements. In compliance with recent sec announcements, Etheracoin will not market to or accept contributions from any US citizen or resident. In compliance with China Securities and Regulatory Commission (CSRC) and the People's Bank of China (PBOC) regulations, Etheracoin will not market to or accept contributions from any citizens or resident of the People's Republic of China (PRC). In compliance with the monetary authority of Singapore, Etheracoin will not market to or accept contributions from any citizens or resident of Singapore.

NOTICE TO CITIZENS AND RESIDENTS OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA; This website and the offering memorandum has not been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as part of a registration statement. Accordingly, this website and the offering memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the ETR tokens may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the ETR tokens be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in the United States of America. For residents and citizens of the People's Republic of China (which, for the purposes of this document and offering memorandum, does not include Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan): ETR tokens may not be marketed, offered or sold directly or indirectly to the public in China and neither this document nor the offering memorandum, which has not been submitted to the Chinese securities and regulatory commission, nor any offering material or information contained herein relating to ETR tokens, may be supplied to the public in China or used in connection with any offer for the subscription or sale of ETR tokens to the public in China. The information contained in this website and the offering memorandum will not constitute an offer to sell or an invitation, advertisement or solicitation of an offer to buy any ETR tokens within the PRC.

NOTICE TO PROSPECTIVE SUBSCRIBERS IN SINGAPORE; This website and the offering memorandum has not been registered as a prospectus with the monetary authority of Singapore under the Securities and Futures Act (SFA) (Chapter 289). Accordingly, this website and the offering memorandum and any other documents or materials relating to the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase of the ETR tokens may not be circulated or distributed, nor may the ETR tokens be offered or sold, or be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Singapore.

37



