Link Platform

Ethereum Flexible Market Connector

Ver. 1.03 Steven Kelly

Contents

1. Introduction 2. LNKS Silver Token 2.1 Acquisition of Physical Silver Bullion 2.2 Proof of Ownership Registration 2.3 LNKS Mint 2.4 LNKS Trade 2.5 LNKS Infographic Process 3. LNK Platform Token 4. Growth Plan 5. Business Gateway

1

6. Conclusion



1. Introduction



Link Platform

1



Ethereum.link is a growing platform connecting traditional markets and businesses with cutting-edge technology and new generation cryptocurrency, smart contracts and the large spectrum of tools the Ethereum platform has to offer. It is our aim to exponentially increase Ethereum integration into small and medium businesses.

We are a firm dedicated to promoting, offering, and integrating the Ethereum platform to any individual wanting to make tangible improvement to his or her business structure by entering a whole new level of digitalization where lofty goals are within reach.



Link Investment Solutions

For more than 5,000 years gold and silver have been used as true money, and for centuries their value have not been damaged at any point. Many people believe that cryptocurrency, a newcomer to the international market, could become or compete as a store of value with physical metals. Ethereum.link improves the features that make silver or gold a respected "store of value", which is why we decided to merge the best of two worlds and bring an innovative physical silver-backed crypto asset. With Ethereum.link, the stability and reputation silver has held through the centuries are combined with the security, speed and profitability a cryptocurrency asset can offer.

As Ethereum.link is the link between cryptocurrency and the international silver market, it is projected to grow into a large and decentralized platform for digital silver certificates trading.

The platform offers a digital Token backed with real .999 physical silver to add a whole new level of security to modern cryptocurrency trading. Physical silver will be acquired, transported, and stored with the highest levels of safety available.



2. Link Silver Token ($LNKS)



Link Platform

2



LNKS Silver Token runs inside the Ethereum platform as a standard ERC20 token.

Link plans to offer several benefits by integrating physical silver into Link trading. The first is to reduce extreme downward volatility related to crypto assets, while the second is the promise to be the first choice among traditional investors for making low-risk investments while simultaneously trying the Ethereum protocol.



The mechanism Link Silver will use to perform its operations is described below:



Acquisition of Physical Silver Bullion



Proof of Ownership Registration



Mint Link Silver Token



Trade



2.1 Acquisition of Physical Silver Bullion



Link Platform

3



Link acquires 0.999 fine certified silver when a new buy order is triggered and paid by a user inside our platform. The silver is acquired from the lowest spot price + available in markets with major silver industries such as:



Australia China Peru Russia Mexico Chile



2.2 Proof of Ownership Registration



Vendor Purchase Ticket



Silver Bar Serial Number



SKU of the Silver Bar



Silver bar Serial Number



Chain of Custody Digital Signatures (vendor, custodian, auditor)



3rd Party Auditor Certificate



Storage Fees Due and Vault Receipt



2.3 Mint



Link Platform

4



LNKS Silver Tokens are minted via a Minter Smart Contract, an Ethereum ERC20 Token issuance automation. Each $LNKS Silver Token represents 1g of silver and is divisible to 0.01g. For every Card that is sent to the Minter Smart Contract, $LNKS Silver tokens will be issued in return. For instance, a 100g Silver Card sent to the Minter Smart Contract returns 100 $LNKS Silver tokens to the user.



2.4 Trade

LNKS Silver Token is now fully tradable and secured into the Ethereum blockchain. Link Silver tokens are held in an Ethereum wallet. At this point, a Silver LNKS Token can be sold, held, or redeemed at any point by the user. The exchange platform will charge a 0.19% fee on every $LNKS trade; this fee will entirely go towards Link Token holders. All trades are final and are registered on the Ethereum blockchain.



5. Link Silver Token Registration

Silver Purchase is Initiated, and New Order ID is Generated



Link Platform

5



Select your Ethereum Address



User Selects Product Serial Number From Market



Payment Request (Ethereum, Bitcoin or LNK)



Failed



Order Canceled



Completed



Vendor Order is Completed

Agent Audits and Keeps a Copy From: Vendor Purchase Ticket Silver Bar Photograph Vendor Digital Signature User Payment TX ID Silver Bar Weight Upload Result to IPFS



Escrow Submits Order Data into Link Silver Contract: User Ethereum Address Product SKU Link Silver Token Amount Order is Set to Pending

Audit Process Starts



Audit Result is Verified



Custodian Delivery: Examines Silver Bar and

Audits Result Generates Vault Receipt



Order ID is Set to Active

Link Silver Tokens are Minted



3. LNK Platform Token ($LNK)



Link Platform

6



LNK Platform Token Features are listed below:



The main ERC20 Token from the Link platform functions as a share, and a proportional part of Link Platform profits is periodically distributed to LNK Token Holders via their smart contract addresses, which means every LNK Token holder holds a small part of the LNK Platform as a whole. The procedure is as illustrated here:

Specific Link Business Gateway or asset smart contract receives profit



Forwards profit to main LNK Token contract



Distributes profit into every LNK holder inside the network

Physical assets like Link Silver $LNKS (0.19%) trading fee is charged to main Link Token Smart Contract.



Link Silver Asset Class 0.19% Trading Fee



Link Asset Class 2



Business Gateway Number 2



LNK Token



Business Gateway Number 1



Business Gateway Number 3



Link Platform

7

The LNK Token is initially backed by our first asset: 0.999 Fine Silver. LNK Token Holders will receive the privilege to redeem part of their holdings for physical Link Silver or Link Silver Tokens once three months have passed after the Initial Coin Offering is complete.

4. Growth Plan

Link Silver redemption centers are planned in several locations around the world, so that any investor wanting to effect his or her redemption Token rights can do so without crossing national borders. Link Platform is aiming to acquire more physical assets of this kind to ensure a wide range of options to the end-investor. Link will approach industry leaders in order to integrate new assets to our platform with an initial high liquidity and to take advantage of the assessment skills and experience these established vendors/traders have. The above is projected with the sole goal of accelerating precious metal tokenization, commodities, and fiat currencies into the blockchain.



5. Business Gateway



Link Platform

8



Are you an individual or entrepreneur looking to take advantage of blockchain and the Ethereum platform? Whether an investor or simply an individual with a great idea related to the use of Ethereum, the platform can support almost anyone. Ethereum.link is a new business space where people connect with each other sharing the same goals: updating to a new business structure using the blockchain as its core or experimenting with smart contract programming in order to develop new technologies.

The intermediate and third step is to make LNK platform a necessity on a daily basis for investors, users, and entrepreneurs interested in blockchain technology solutions.

Assessment contracts with individuals and corporations wanting to revolutionize their business structure as a whole via Ethereum smart contracts. These Link  3rd party contracts are publicly disclosed and profit is distributed among LNK Token, prioritizing LNK Token Holders.

6. Conclusion



Link Firm seeks to build a better world and offer new solutions, where finances are run by artificial intelligence, where anyone from any country can improve his or her life by taking advantage of automated smart contracts. From health care and accounting to public administration, Link will have a solution for your industry.



