Contents



1. Executive summary



3



2. Info about the market we plan to disrupt



4



3. So how does it all work?



5



4. Earning money as moderator



13



5. We a re paving t he way t o ICO 2 .0



13



6. ICO dynamic caps to spread



16



the tokens as wide as possible



7. road map



17



8. Marketing road map



19



9. Token distribution and hard cap



21



10. FAQ



23



1. Executive summary



Ethearnal is peer-to-peer (P2P) freelance system, in which em-



ployers and freelancers meet, enter into trustless smart contracts with reputation and money in escrow, and take advantage



3



of a decentralized system of moderators, if needed. We collide



reputation and economic initiatives into one by tokenizing repu-



tation and giving it value. Thus, all parties, moderators included,



have strong and aligned initiatives to act honestly, since every-



one has something of value at stake, as well as something to



gain if the desired outcome is achieved.



2. Info about the market we plan to disrupt



4

The breakdown of freelance work in terms of earnings for 2014 is as follows:



"Freelancers now make up 35% of U.S. workers and collectively earned $1 trillion in the past year, according to the "Freelancing in America: 2016" survey released this morning by the Freelancers Union, based in New York City, and the giant freelancing platform Upwork, headquartered in Silicon Valley. The Freelancers Union represents 300,000 members." - Forbes



$109 million



$83 million



$33 million



$486 million

$110 million

The global distribution of freelancers is as follows:



$71 million $49 million 11.3%

29.3%



50.7%



3.3% 1.4% 4.0%



2.1. NUMBER OF FREELANCERS (GLOBAL)



"For Freelance/Gig work, the numbers



for Europe are 8.9 million. Research also 2.3. ESTIMATED



shows that India's independent workforce GLOBAL MARKET SIZE

is 15 million. With regard to the United



5



States, the Freelance Union's "53 million" "This research estimates the total market



report states that the number of freelaners size of the freelance/gig industry as in



in the U.S. stands at 53 million. This puts excess of $1.5 t rillionbased on the US



the total number of formally identified and Canada accounting for over half of



freelance workers globally in the region global distribution of freelancers, in the



of 77 million. Because there is no other North American market (50.7%), and the



publicly-available data for other countries, total US market size exceeding $715



this number reflects a percentage of the billion."



global freelancer workforce."



Just a few sites capture all of this market currently. While everyone can find freelancers or jobs for free by contacting the other side directly using various internet forums or gathering places, centralized freelance sites add value by providing the following:



Easily browsable and searchable pool of talent

and employers.

6



Peace of mind by providing escrow and

dispute solving.



Disputes in this kind of business arise more often than one would expect. Complicated projects or subjective ones, like designs, are often hard to agree on. Centralized sites provide arbitrage when there is a dispute, and that is the biggest added value. While centralized dispute solving is not ideal, and is often less than objective, it is what generates more business overall as compared to there being none at all. By providing peace of mind to both sides, they are more likely to engage.



This is significant added value, but has several disadvantages:



10% to 30% (in rare cases) of the job value goes to the intermediary.

Your funds are not always immediately released by the intermediary.

There are limited ways to have your funds sent to you; it is especially cumbersome in developing economies.

Disputes are solved by single entities, which, by definition, cannot be objective.

Now we have the technology to provide this value for free or nearly free. The concept we propose costs 0% to 1% depending on the case, as well as all that



goes back to the system and token holders in various forms to align the initiatives of all sides involved. As a bonus, no trust is required at any stage. No single entity has the power to affect the system on its own. Furthermore, not a single cent goes back to the developers (unless they hold tokens of course). The small fees collected are used to sustain the system by aligning initiatives, and none are



wasted as profit for a central authority



You can always hunt for a freelancer on your



that adds no value. One of the proven



own online, and deal directly without



ways for humans to act justly is to have intermediaries; however, then he has



a reward if they behave honestly, while



nothing to lose but his reputation if he simply



also having something at stake that can abandons the project. While reputation



be lost if they behave maliciously. When is valuable, it's hard to track when no central



there are multiple participants, those



platform is used. Furthermore, it's easy to



initiatives should be aligned in the same start with brand new identity when working



7



direction for all par- ties involved.



over the Internet.



The centralized sites solve this nicely.



Also, one of the sides has to place



The freelancer gets the money from



trust upfront. Either the employer fronts



escrow if he delivers, and loses reputation a percentage of the money, or the freelancer



if he doesn't. But this comes at the



fronts some of the work. If they disagree later



aforementioned cost and inconveniences. on, there is no practical way to resolve the



dispute.



WE PROPOSE A SOLUTION TO THIS

PROBLEM BY:



Sources used for the market data:

https://www.forbes.com/sites/civicnation/2017/09/28/meet-the-town-that-inspired-free-

community-college-in-califor

https://advancedconsult.files.wordpress. com/2017/05/example-3.pdf



3. So how does it all work?



Freelancers can create listings presenting Employers can search all of the listings



their services and push them on the



from the same web client, or publish their



network using a web client. On the



own offers searchable by



8



backend, we use IPFS (interplanetary file the freelancers.



system) to keep and distribute their listings Note: There might be a need for



on a peer-to-peer basis. No servers needed. insignificant fees to publish a listing in order



They don't have to keep their web client



to prevent spamming the network. It will be



online; the offers just live in the cloud.



negligible if using the system as intended, but



Note: In the beginning, we might need to run it will add up to non-insignificant cost if



our own nodes to boost that, while the network spamming. If there is a need to implement that,



gains enough traction to take care of it on its all of the income will be distributed



own.



proportionally to the token holders.



Once they find each other, they enter into a smart contract where:



The employer has the Pre-agreed amount of



Predefined timeframe



contract value locked in reputation tokens are staked upon which if none of the



smart contract-based from each side. Each listing following outcomes have



escrow. has a predefined amount been met, it self-releases



of reputation tokens that everything back. That is



needs to be staked in order just a safeguard to prevent



to enter into smart contrac funds from being indefinitely



based agreement with. The locked.



listing creator sets that



value. Both sides have to



stake the same amount. The



side taking the listing needs



to accept that condition and



stake the required amount



of reputation tokens.



ETHEARNAL REPUTATION TOKENS (ERT) CAN BE EARNED IN TWO WAYS:



Directly buying them on the free market. Taking jobs on the network and being



That way, anyone can start right away and rewarded reputation tokens upon



avoid the egg and chicken problem of new successful completion.



freelancers who need reputation to get



contracts, but need contracts to



9



get reputation.



In both cases, the participants have invested valuable resources (e.g. time or money) to gain that reputation, so it is valuable to them, and thus, they have initiative to keep it. Even if they don't appreciate their time, the reputation token has monetary value on the free market.

The creator of the listing, being a gig or job offer, decides how much reputation stake to require for entering into a smart contract. So, he has the freedom to decide based on the overall contract value and his personal risk assessment.

THERE ARE 3 POSSIBLE OUTCOMES OF THIS SMART CONTRACT



OUTCOME 1

BOTH PARTIES ARE HAPPY



OUTCOME 2

AT LEAST ONE PART IS UNHAPPY



OUTCOME 3

THEY ARE NO LONGER WILLING TO WORK TOGETHER



They execute the contract on their own, no 3rd party intervention is needed. Both are awarded reputation tokens proportional to the contract value.



A pool of moderators steps in and decides in favor of one of the sides based on simple majority vote.

The tricky one is only case 2 since only it needs involvement of 3rd party decision. The other outcomes can be solved by the participants themselves.



The contract thus self-closes after preset amount of time and returns everything in escrow and at stake.



OUTCOME 1: BOTH PARTIES ARE HAPPY



10



If both parties agree on the successful execution, 99% of the contract value in escrow goes to the freelancer. The remaining 1% is used to buy rep tokens on the free market (automatically by a smart contract) at market prices, and distribute them equally to the employer and freelancer. This gives 0.5% of the value of the contract to each side in ERT tokens. This serves two purposes:



Gives to each participant reputation proportional to the value of the project.

Creates demand for the token. The demand for the token is necessary because this is fundamental for value, and token value is needed for this system to work. If there is no token value, the freelancer won't have anything valuable at stake, and will not have an initiative to act honestly.

Please note that in this case, the only "loss" of money compared to a case where participants don't use our system is 0.5%. The freelancer gets 99% of the contract value in ether and 0.5% in ERT tokens, which he can sell if he prefers money over reputation. So, he is 0.5% short. That is his cost to use a system where he is protected and can be found by employers.

The employer gets what is basically 0.5% cash back, but in ERT tokens. This is a slight incentive for them to use this system. Having more employers on the system is beneficial for the freelancers. This benefit might or might not outweigh the fee.



OUTCOME 2: IF ONE PARTY IS UNHAPPY WITH THE EXECUTION, HE

CAN OPEN A DISPUTE.

This action automatically opens a queue for moderators for the case. Every moderator can stake at minimum 5% reputation tokens of the predefined stake value in the job listing, and no more than 33.4%. So, effectively the employer, freelancer, and pool of moderators all have the same total reputation at stake.

Note: All moderators collectivelyneed to

have the stake amount at stake. Once enough moderators have entered

the pool, so that their collectively staked ERT tokens are equal to that of the other parties, the moderation process starts.

In the beginning, we will be participating in moderation as well, to ensure there are no cases with insufficient moderators. Also, 5% of the tokens that we leave for ourselves will be used for initiatives where needed, including getting moderators.



Moderator can be anyone who hold



enough ERT tokens to cover the stake



minimum. A stake minimum is necessary



to prevent sybil attacks where someone



creates lots of mods with just one ERT



token each in order to dominate the



moderator pool and decide in his favor.



The listing creator decides how much



reputation he wants at stake from the other



11



side and the moderators pool. The minimum moderation stake is 5%

from that, so the higher the stake value, the more expensive the sybil attack. The max stake of 33.4% is necessary to ensure we have at least three moderators in every



On top of that, this is another initiative for people to hold tokens, since they can use them to earn money by moderating.



case. That is needed to make the decision more objective and less likely to be manipulated.



When they decide the winning side in the dispute by simple majority (51%), the rep at stake of the losing side is distributed



proportionally to the moderators based on



THEIRrep at stake. ONLY T HE MODERATORS 



WHO V OTED WITH THE MAJORITY (the



winning decision) get rep tokens. The mods



that voted with the minority lose their stake



to the winning side of the dispute. The



logic is that, since they tried to rule unfairly



against him, but he turned out to be right,



he deserves some rep.WHAT IS FAIR IS



DECIDED BY T HE VOTE O F T HE MAJORITY.



This is necessary to give moderators an



Each moderator has a vote weight of



incentive to act justly. The mods who failed



one, regardless of how many rep tokens to vote within the determined timeframe lose



he stakes. If the vote was weighted



their rep at stake. This will eliminate



proportionally to their staked rep



non-active mods automatically since they will



tokens, just 2 "whale" moderators could be losing their rep at stake each time until



be enough to solve any dispute.



there is none left and they can't be selected



However, what they earn from solving for mods anymore.



the dispute is proportional to their rep at



In case the moderator votes are at odds,



stake. So, people with more rep can stake only then the system looks at the tokens



more, and naturally, can earn more since behind the votes to decide the majority. We



they have more at stake. This also



can't simply force odd number of moderators,



incentivizes them to judge honestly. If



since some of them may fail to vote, and we



they do, they gain more, and if they don't, still get an even number.



they lose more.



SINCE IT GOT COMPLICATED, HERE IS A SUMMARY



When the dispute is concluded:



12



The winning side gets the contract value from escrow, his staked rep



back, and the rep of the minority voted



mods.



The losing side loses only his staked rep if the freelancer and the staked rep AND the money in escrow if the employer.



The majority vote mods get proportionally to their stakes the rep of the losing side.



The minority vote mods lose their reputation at stake to the winning side.



(Optional) In this case, there is no need to use 1% of the contract value to buy rep tokens on the

free market and award the sides for successfully executed contract as in case 1. This 1% can be distributed proportionally to all token holders as a reward for keeping ERT tokens and thus supporting value for the token. Again, this is necessary for this system to work. This creates further demand for the token because this is a second way for token holders to earn. (The first one being a moderator and solving disputes.) So, the system supporters are rewarded each time the system is put to use for solving a dispute.

The disadvantage is that the winning side gets 1% less in favor of the system. However, this can be looked at as moderation fee, because this is the only thing the winning side pays, and he is getting some rep tokens from the minority-decided mods which might or might not outweigh the fee.

Another argument in favor of this is that if the disputed cases are with no fee, and there is fee for the ones completed without dispute, there is initiative for people to go through disputes to save the fee.



OUTCOME 3: THEY ARE NO LONGER WILLING TO WORK

TOGETHER If there is a mutual agreement between employer and freelancer, they can close the contract at any time and everyone will get back whatever he staked without any

fees. Or, just let it expire and it will do the 13

same automatically. This ensures that it's impossible to have funds locked indefinitely in any of our contracts.

4. Earningmoney as a moderator

You can more than double your staked rep tokens every time you participate in a winning decision. Since every side has the same amount of tokens at stake and you get proportionally the tokens of the losing side. If your staked tokens represent 10%, you get them back plus another 10% from the losing side. However, since this is distributed only among the moderators who voted with the majority, your percent actually increases.

EXAMPLE: The rep tokens needed at stake are 100. There are 10 moderators in the moderators pool, each participating with 10 tokens. (This is highly unlikely, but we are just keeping the math simple.) So, your tokens represent 10% of the pool. 70% of the moderators have voted for one of the sides, 30% for the other. You have voted with the majority (70%). Since only they get tokens, we now have 70 tokens among which to proportionally distribute the losing sides' tokens. Your 10 tokens now represent 14,28% of that. So you get 24.28 tokens back for your originally staked 10. That is a 142% profit. If you happen to be on the losing side, you lose 100%. So, moderators have a strong initiative to judge honestly, but the gains more often than not outweigh the potential for a loss.



14



5. Wearepaving the w  ay to ICO 2.0



Our ICO is different, because our investors are protected via the magic of smart contracts and

crowd auditability. We give investors control of our spending, as it should be from the start.

You have the power to terminate the project and get a refund.



Have you ever asked yourself why you should TRUST ICO creators to handle your funds fairly and actually deliver on their promises, when the whole idea of crypto is to be TRUSTLESS? Since we now have the technology to replace TRUST with self-enforcing smart contracts, why are we still doing things the old way, based on promises?

We propose a way where you, the INVESTOR, control how and IF we spend money. The system we propose ensures that at any point in time you front 10% of your investment. Every token holder can initiate a voting process to terminate the project and get proportional refunds on the remaining funds. HERE IS IT HOW IT WORKS:

Upon completing the ICO, the smart contract automatically distributes the tokens to you, and 10% of the collected funds to us. We use that money to start working. We update you on the progress of the project regularly via email, Reddit, Twitter, Slack and Telegram. You can follow development closely on Github.



When we run out of the initial money, we send 0 ETH transactions with additional data to the smart contract, asking to start a voting process. It continues for one week.



On all social media channels, we explain and SHOW what we have delivered so far and for what we will use the next increment of 10% funding.



Based on that, you decide if you want to vote in favor of providing us the next 10% increment of funding or not. You do that by sending 0 ETH transaction to the smart contract with additional data telling the contract if you vote YES or NO. This will cost you the gas fee though.



If at least 51% of the token holders have voted (so we have quorum, and a single big entity can't decide alone) AND of those who voted, 51% vote yes, we get the next 10% ether from the smart contract and continue working. We then repeat the whole process again whenever necessary. 51% is calculated based on tokens, not people. So, your vote has weight proportional to your



token holdings. If we have 51% voting quorum AND

51% of those vote no, we don't get any money at all. We continue working until the community is satisfied with what we have delivered so far and decides to release us more funds. We just re-initiate the process when we think we have made progress that will allow the community to change its vote.



3rd edge case!



When the voting process is initiated, the



People are busy; most don't have the



smart contract waits one week to see if



time to keep up on a day-to-day basis



51% quorum is reached. If it is, it proceeds



with the dynamic world of crypto. Based as the two cases above. HOWEVER, if it is



on early attempts of the 1st SWARM



NOT, it drops the quorum needed quota by



project (it failed), we know that most



10%, to 41%. It does that every week until



people don't care enough or don't have



quorum is achieved (be it at 31%, 21%, and



the time to vote. So, there is a possible case where we can't get 51% quorum. If



so on). As soon as quorum is achieved, then it checks how the majority has voted.



15



we don't have a safeguard implemented, This ensures that we might not get the



that would mean the funds stay locked



money, even if most people don't care to



in the smart contract until we somehow vote but the few who do, vote NO. This is



find a way to get 51% of token holders to a safeguard of the safeguard, so that we



vote. Remember that with self-enforcing can't get around it to get the money by



smart contracts, you have no one to bail counting on low voting activity.



you out, and having millions locked in a



smart contract with no practical way to



release them is very possible and



probably will happen. So, we propose an



automatic, self-adjusting solution to that,



just the way it should be in crypto.



Every token holder can initiate a termination process. You send a 0 ETH transaction to the smart contract with data telling it you want to start a refund process. You cannot get an individual refund. If voted yes, the contract refunds all of the money left in it proportionally to all the token holders, and kills the project. Since the people that still count on the project and want it to continue will be refunded as well (if they are a minority) and this cannot be undone, we propose more serious thresholds for this to happen, in order to ensure that the consensus is significant and that few people will be unhappy with the termination.



Someone is unhappy with the project. He might hold as little as 1 token. He sends 0 ETH transaction to the smart contract with special additional data that tells the contract the termination procedure has been initiated.

A time window of one month starts, during which everyone can vote YES or NO if he/she supports the termination and refund.



If there is a quorum of 51% and 65% of refunded proportionally to those. The



those people have voted YES, the smart founder's tokens will be locked until



contract will now be sending refunds to there is 0 ETH in the smart contract. That



everyone. So, if we have spend 10% and means that we can't use them to



there is 90% left in the smart contract, you fraudulently claim refunds with them



get 90% of your initial investment. That is BEFORE all the funds are released to us.



if you keep all your tokens, of course. The And if they are, this means we have



16



refund happens by sending your tokens to delivered the product and there is no need



the smart contract, and you get ether



for a refund anymore.



EXAMPLE: If your tokens represent 1%

of all the tokens sold via the ICO, you will get 1% refunded from

theremaining ether in the contract.



I If we have spent 10% of all the ether already, you will effectively be getting 1% of the remaining 90%, which is 0.9%. The founders tokens are not counted towards those, since they are not paid for and there is nothing to refund against them.



If quorum is not reached OR it is reached but fewer than 65% have voted for a refund after one month, the termination process is canceled. Everyone can start it again at any time if there is no concurrent termination process already started. Technically, we can be in vote of distrust 100% of the time, month after month. We continue working regardless, and can still initiate incremented fund release processes concurrently.



6. ICO d ynamic  cap t o s pread  the t okens  as w  idely as  possible

Having optimal ICO is quite an act of balance nowadays. You want to spread the tokens as widely as possible since wide token distribution is critical for the success of every decentralized project. But at the same time, people, especially in crypto, tend not to like too invasive onboarding processes.



We propose a system that is, again, in the spirit of crypto: self-executing and trustless.



A lot of ICOs are hiding their addresses



until shortly before the start to give a



better chance to non-tech savvy people to



enter; however, that gives opportunities



for scammers to mislead users.



So, our ICO starts at a predefined block



number, with a smart contract address



announced well in advance. The contribution amount in the first



17



hour is capped to ether worth $1,000



per unique sending address. Whales can



generate a number of addresses, but they won't be able to include huge fees for each, since it will be economically unsustainable to do that for each increment of $1,000. So, they are at odds with everyone else.

Then every next hour, the cap per unique address increases with $1,000. This means $2,000 for hour two, $3,000 for hour three, and so on.

Each new hour, a previously used address can participate again with the new limit. So, you have multiple chances to get in. EVERY HOUR!



Of course, this won't eliminate whales, and we don't want to; they have the right to participate as everyone else. However, it will make it harder for them to participate with huge amounts and give multiple chances to the smaller investors.

We level the playing field as much as possible using blockchain technology and algorithms instead of invasive bureaucracy.

While determined entities can still game this system and increase their chances, they will have to compete every hour with thousands of other regular investors.



7. Road m ap



Mar 2017

Tinkering with the Idea



May 2017

Research into Game Theory



jun 2017

Research into Economic Initiatives



jul 2017

Layout of the concept



AUG 2017



sep 2017



Planning the Minimum Viable Product function-

ality (MVP)



Starting Development of Proof of Concept (PoC) technology stack



oct 2017



nov 2017



18



Starting Development



Starting development



of P2P Protocol with



of Web Browser UI



Kademlia style DHT



(p2p node client)



dec 2017

Alpha Release of MVP PoC



Feb 2018



mar 2018



mar 2018



Ethearnal Initial Coin Offering (ERT ICO)



Integrate Ethereum smart Integrate IPFS to add another



contracts as DAO platform for layer of data persistence



freelancers and business



and availability



Apr May 2018



May 2018



Develop own decentralized Start building strong



system for moderating open source community



and curating records



contributions



jun 2018



Q3-Q4 2018



Release production network and software



Iterate over continuous integration of new features

and bug fixes



Q3 2018

Start development of mobile platform



Q4 2018



Q1 2019



Release application for iOS & Android



Integrate OpenAI in the search engine and the Ethearnal Personal

Assistant Bot



While we are open source and everyone can pick up the project, if needed, we intend to have dedicated staf to maintain and improve as/if needed, even after the money runs out. This is not a promise. We have economic initiatives to do that, since the rewards from the founder's tokens should be significant, so we have economic interest to see the system

thrive!



Q1, Q2,



Q3, Q4



2019



19



Marketing. Marketing. Marketing!



8.Marketingroadmap,because even the b est t ech is dead in t he  water if nobody k nows a bout it

We realize that you might have the best product, but it can still fail because no one knows about it. It's especially tricky for projects in which users are the content. You have the chicken and egg problem. No freelancers would use a platform where there are no employers, and vice versa. Even if they do, and don't find it valuable shortly, they might never return. You need critical mass, and you need a critical mass of



both employers and freelancers at the same time for this to work. You have two very different target groups, which you must acquire at the same place and same time. Since the value of the token comes from its utility, and there is utility only if there is an actual network, marketing the project and achieving critical mass quickly is of utmost importance.



We have planned a heavy marketing campaign from the start. This



20



will include the following channels all at the same time:



Stage one is targeting mostly people who are already engaged in boththec rypto world and freelance work. This is a much smaller reach, but is heavily targeted. We go for quality over quantity here since this group is more likely to engage and experiment with new ways of doing things. Reddit ads on all subreddits for getting jobs for crypto. This is the smallest reach, but most targeted auditory.

Facebook ads targeting only people in crypto-related and freelance-related Facebook groups at the same time. The people who are in both at the same time are not much, but it is very targeted as well.

Linkedin campaign targeting anyone who is involved in crypto and has skill set in demand on the network.

AdWords ads to people searching for crypto- and freelance-related stuff.

Airdrop of ERT to all ether addresses with non-insignificant balances. This will give them some reputation to start, and will also make them check what is this token about. This has a huge reach, but not targeted at all. However, everyone from those is involved in crypto, and might need job done at some point. So, when they do, they will be aware of our existence.

Paid mentions to biggest influencers in crypto (e.g. Dollar Vigilante).

PRs, paid or free, at all major crypto news sites.

Bounties for users of the system who achieve first certain marks (i.e. jobs done, money spent, and so on), thus adding a gamification element and opportunities to make announcements.

Measure performance. Adjust. Repeat.



While crypto currency users are more eager to try out new stuff, mainstream users are not. That's why we want to have a pool of freelancers and employers before targeting the mainstream audience. It's hard enough to make them switch from their comfort zones to this new product, so we want to have the marketplace active before even trying. With many of them, we might have just one shot. It's exponentially

harder to make them re-visit a new service that they once tried and didn't 21

like. So, only when we have a robust ecosystem of crypto-oriented freelancers and employers will we start marketing to the "mainstream" ones. That would include:



Google Adwords at Google Search. Targeting 1000s of long tail key phrases related to online freelance work and finding freelancers (for the employers). Having 1000s of long tail phrases allows for much lower cost per click (CPC) with the benefit of having very targeted traffic.

Facebook ads optimized for high click through rates (CTR), so that the CPC gets lower and lower with time. This is how Facebook ads work. The higher CTR you have, the lower the CPC becomes. We will target fans of relevant freelance pages.



Linkedin, but this time, it is not limited to crypto freelancers, but freelance work in general.

Mainstream media channels related to working online.

Professionally made YouTube video ads.

Production of potentially viral videos.

Measure performance. Adjust. Repeat.

We will be trying new marketing opportunities as

well and adjust as needed.



9.Token distribution and hard cap



THE PRICE OF 1 ERT IS 0.001 ETH. That means that 1 ether gives you 1000 ERT tokens. HARD CAP IS $30M WORTH OF ETHER. It will be set in ether using the price at the time of the deployment of the ICO 2.0 smart contract.

75% of the tokens will be sold during the pre-sale and ICO. Only ethereum will be accepted during the sale and pre-sale.



20% of the tokens will be kept for the



founders. They will be locked in the ICO



smart contract and will be released to the



founders only when there is 0 ether left



22 in it. Since 90% of the crowdfunded ether



is locked in the same contract and can



be released to us in 10% increments only



after voting of 51% of the token holders



this would mean that we have delivered



the project OR we have failed and the



people have initiated refund process and



got back their funds.



In the first case, the tokens will be our



economic initiative to keep supporting



the project since we will have the same



interest as every other token holder.



In the second case, when refund has



5% Of the tokens will be kept for



been initiated, the tokens are useless. It is bounties and economic initiatives where



important though that they are released needed. For example we might be giving



to us only after there is 0 ether in the



tokens as rewards to users of the system



contract, because otherwise we can use that first reach certain milestone. Adding



them to claim refund and that way get



gamification element that way.



20% of the funds.



If there are not enough moderators at



We will be able to use those tokens for the beginning we can use those tokens to



voting though.



add extra initiative.



Basically, they will be used to "guide" the



system until it's able to "walk" on it's own.



There will be permanent bounties



for finding critical bugs in the smart



contracts and the network.



The total token supply depends ONLY on how much ether has been invested during the pre-sale and sale.

1000 ERT tokens will be created for every 1 ether invested. One month after the start of the ICO (or if the hard cap is reached, whichever comes first) there will



be 1000 ERT tokens for every 1 ether invested, on top of that 20% will be created for the founders (non transferable) and 5% for bounties (transferable) so that the total adds-up to 100%.

New tokens will NOT be generated EVER again.



23



WHAT IS THE P URPOSE OF THE ERT TOKEN?

Short answer: Tokenized reputation.

Longer one: It's a token that has actual utility, outside of being used as payment method needlessly replacing ether.



Actually, all payments in the network are done with ether. The token represents reputation, which has monetary value since the token is traded on the free market. It's used for staking, aligning initiatives, moderating, taking job offers and just holding to get proportionally some of the fees the system collects.



WHAT I S THE UTILITY O F THE ERT TOKEN?



HOWD OESE THEARNAL MAKE M ONEY?



It depends on what role you have in the



Ethearnal, the company, doesn't. It's being



network.



paid via this ICO to deliver a project, and



For the freelancer, the more Ethearnal once it does, it is not expected to make



Reputational Tokens he has, the more



more money from users. The network has



24



contracts he is likely to land. Hence, more a 0% to 1% fee and that goes back to the money in his pocket. Also, he needs them system to support the proper initiatives.



to be able to enter into smart contracts



However, we, as founders, have awarded



with employers since he needs to stake ourselves 25% of the tokens. 5% of those



some of them.



will go to bounties and awards for



For the employer, he needs them to



freelancers in the system. The remaining



be able to hire people since he needs to 20% we keep and will profit from, like any



stake the same amount the freelancer



other token holder. This aligns our



does.



economic initiative with the success of



For the moderator, he needs them to



the project.



be able to moderate, since he stakes



proportionally as well. By moderating, he HOWF REELANCERSWILL



earns more tokens, which he can sell if he USET HEM ARKET:



chooses so. So, he needs them in order to



make money via moderation.



They have three options:



For the token holder, other than the



1. Just list their skillset and hourly rate,



expected appreciation due to the few



and wait for people to find/hire them.



demand vectors we've implemented, they 2. Create gig listings with specific tasks



effectively give them revenue share of all they would do for predefined amounts



system profit proportional to their tokens. of money, and wait for people to orders



He can also use them to vote if we should those gigs.



get more money released from the smart 3. Actively search/browse employer's



ICO contracts or claim a refund.



offers and apply for them. In later releases



they will have the option to be notified



WHOWILLB UYTHETOKENS?



when an offer meeting their criteria is



published.



- F reelancers



- Employers



- People who want to make extra income



via moderating



- People who believe in our solution and



believe the token will appreciate due to its



real utility



- People who would like to get a



percentage of the profits of this project



that has the potential to disrupt a



$1T+ industry



- Pure speculators looking to make a quick



flip. That is unavoidable.



HOW W ILL E MPLOYERS USE THE M ARKET?



HOWMUCHW ILLIMAKE ASA MODERATOR?



Two ways:



You will more than double your staked



1. Search/browse available talent and



ERT tokens for every dispute you resolve



gigs.



correctly, then you can sell them



2. Publish their own offers and wait for



immediately and just leave enough to



someone to apply for them.



stake on other cases.



25



WHAT ARE T HE TAXES FOR SELLING/ BUYINGONETHEARNAL?



1. Upon successful completion of a job (no arbitrage needed) 1% is deducted from the value of the contract. However, this is used to buy ERT tokens on the free market, which are then split between both parties. So, freelancers and employers get back 0.5% in ERT tokens. This means that the effective fee for the freelancer is 0.5%, and the employer gets 0.5% back in tokens, which is a slight initiative for them to use this system over others. This may or may not bring more work for the freelancer, and thus offset the already small fee. 2. When arbitrage is needed, 1% is deducted before releasing the money to the winning side. This is shared between token holders in ether directly. However, the winner of the dispute gets the rep tokens of the minority mods that voted against him. This might or might not offset the 1% fee.



WHATIFTHEO UTCOMEOFA DISPUTE CAN'TBEVOTEDO NWITH A  SIMPLE YES OR N O?

The smart contract that both sides enter into can be made with milestones with predefined amounts for each milestone. In those cases, except the binary yes or no, moderators will be voting which milestone is achieved. The dispute solution will affect the funds until this milestone. The rest will be refunded back to the employer.



HOWIC ANS TARTWORKING A SA MODERATOR?

You just need to buy enough ERT tokens to be able to meet the minimum stake requirement for a dispute in your competence. Every creator of an offer can choose his own stake requirement. You need to stake 5% to 33.4% of that in ERT.



CANIU SEJUSTE THERATETHEARNAL?

Yes, but only for offers that don't require any reputation staked. It's up to the offer creator to set that value so, if there are any that choose to set 0, you can. Also, the moderators won't have economic initiatives to get involved in a potential dispute, so you are hoping to have enough moderators willing to work for free.



ARETHET OKENSEARNEDASFREELANCERSA NDTHEO NESE ARNEDAS EMPLOYERST HESAME?IFNOT,ARE THEY INTERCHANGEABLE?



CANMODERATORSBEBRIBEDOR



Yes, it's the very same, fungible token.



26



PERSUADEDT OBEO NM YSIDE?



Yes, but you will have to convince the



CANIUSEMYREPT OKENS SOMEWHERE ELSE?



majority to do so. If they just vote honestly they will at least double their rep tokens. So, they will probably



Not really, but you can cash them out at an exchange at any time.



demand more than that from you as a bribe, so they have initiative to act maliciously. So, you have to bribe 51%



WHATM AKESY OUT HINKYOUCANE XECUTET HISP ROJECT?



of the mods with at least double the rep at stake, which is at least 102%. So, it's cheaper for you to just lose your ERT tokens staked. However, if you are an employer you have ether in escrow as well, so bribing might still be viable for you. That can be countered by freelancers, by requiring much higher amount of ERT at stake in the first place.



Between the two founders, we have 26 years of experience in various online businesses and have been on both sides of the freelancing model. We've been into bitcoin since 2012, and into Ethereum since its ICO.

We are building this because this is what we would like to use. Since it's finally possible to be done, we believe we are in



DOESITM EANT HATIFIUSEETHEAR-



the right position to collect the pieces.



NAL,ID ON'THAVETOP AYFEES?



If you are employer, you don't really pay any taxes. You actually get 0.5% "cash back" in one of the possible cases as ERT tokens. If you are a freelancer, you get 0.5% to 1% deducted from your payment.



CANY OUS EEONTHEPLATFORMIFA  FREELANCERBOUGHTOREARNEDHIS REPUTATION TOKENS?



It can be seen on the blockchain if the rep tokens came from Ethearnal smart contracts or just funded directly. Even if we don't implement it, 3rd party services can offer it. We do plan to implement it though.



GET IN TOUCH



