W H I T E PA P E R

Blockchain-based secondary ticketing marketplace



ANNOTATION

Eticket4 is an international secondary ticketing platform developed by Israeli entrepreneurs in 2015. Being an intermediary between various entities involved in the ticket re-selling process, the platform serves as a guarantor of transaction security, tickets' validity, timely payment and delivery.

In the fourth quarter of 2018 Eticket4 is introducing blockchain-based functionality and new loyalty reward system based on ET4 crypto tokens. Blockchain significantly contributes to security, transparency, and forecasting capabilities. A neural network based on decentralized statistical data facilitates the ability to calculate the recommended price level for each vendor. The predicted price is a function of multiple influences, namely: the time left until the event, current demand and inventory volumes. The would-be attendees get price level hints as well to rely on while making decisions.

As opposed to extortionate ticket pricing outside the venue just before the event, Eticket4 mechanisms based on blockchain make it possible to obtain tickets at the last minute at a reasonable price, in some cases lower than face value.

ET4 token is a utility instrument in the novelty Eticket4 ecosystem. (i) The platform rewards customers for every purchase with 20% cashback in ET4 tokens or 30% cashback when it comes to international major events. A token holder, be it a loyal customer may cover up to 100% of the order total. (ii) Tokens can also be used by a reseller to gain access to advanced analytical tools for better trading. (iii) Platform fee is 15 times lower for payments in ET4. Please check the Economics behind ET4 tokens section for more details.

Eticket4 has an annual turnover of $2 million and already provides tokens with real, rather than speculative, liquidity. During the FIFA Confederations Cup ticket selling period Eticket4 successfully entered the CIS countries and Eastern Europe markets having sold more than 60,000 tickets for the Cup matches and major performers' shows.

As of November 2017, more than 3,500 resellers have been registered on the platform (about 80% being accredited ticket brokers). Those are going to be the first to benefit from the new loyalty program and blockchain-based functionality. In the run-up to the FIFA World Cup in 2018, the company is about to open new outlets in the participating countries and make the platform multilingual in the pursuit of world wide recognition.

Eticket4 seeks to incentivize the black market re-sellers to operate according to international legal standards and eradicate touting. The long-term goal is to become the most secure blockchain-based B2B and B2P ticket distribution and exchange platform with powerful analytical tools and an automated flexible loyalty program.

2



TABLE OF CONTENTS



INTRODUCTION4



Industry overview



4



World legal practice



5



Eticket4 in the context of the global ticket industry



6



ISSUES HANDLED



7



ABOUT ETICKET4



8



Eticket4 ecosystem



8



Competitive advantages



9



Project goals



10



ET4 TOKEN



11



Token issue



11



Economics behind ET4 token



11



VALUE BEHIND ET4 TOKENS



15



The legal nature of the token



16



BUSINESS PLAN



17



Allocation of funds



17



Roadmap



18



Token Generation Event Details



19



Token distribution



19



Bonus campaign



20



HOLDERS' RISK MANAGEMENT



21



THE TEAM



22



LEGAL DISCLAIMER



28



3



INTRODUCTION



Industry overview



The Online Event Ticket Sales industry has grown strongly amid a major shift from physical tickets and at-home printing to a fully digitized mobile ticketing experience. The secondary ticket market, being a derivative of the aforementioned industry, is undergoing the same shift and growing proportionately. According to The "Economist magazine," the volume of the worldwide secondary ticket market is about $8 billion1, of which about $5 billion is in the United States. Eticket4 estimates that in the western markets the secondary ticket market share is 20-25% of the primary market. With a primary market of more than $1 billion In Russia, the launchpad of Eticket4 business, the target market is at least $200 million.

Graph 1. Event ticketing services operating on secondary market



Presence



Launched



Eticket4



Russia, Israel



2016



Tickpick



USA



2011



Ticketbis (an eBay company since 2016)



see StubHub



2009



Kyazoonga



India, Austria, Ireland, UAE, USA



2007



Viagogo



Great Britain, Australia



2006



Seatwave (a Ticketmaster company since 2014)

GetMeIn (a Ticketmaster company since 2008)



Great Britain Great Britain



2006 2003



1 The war on ticket bots is unlikely to be won, Jan 5th 2017, The Economist 4



StubHub (an eBay company since 2007)



Europe: Austria, Belgium, Germany, Greece, Denmark, Ireland, Spain, Italy, Russia, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Turkey, Ukraine, Finland, Czech Republic, Switzerland, Sweden, Luxembourg, Portugal Asia: Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, China, Malaysia, Republic of Korea, Singapore, Taiwan, Thailand, Philippines, Japan South America: Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Ecuador, Ecuador, Venezuela, Colombia, Peru, Uruguay North America: United States, Mexico Africa: South Africa Oceania: Australia, New Zealand Middle East: Israel



2000



Ticketmaster (a Live Nation Entertainment company since 2010)



USA, Canada



1976



Eticket4 launched in September 2016 and spread across the Russian Federation via partner courier service. The online platform acts as a binder and the arbitrator in transactions verifying the seller, delivering tickets to customers' doors, and withholding the funds received for tickets until customers attend the event.

By November 2017, Eticket4 had been trusted by more than 17,000 customers and more than 3,500 sellers. The peak of sales was reached in the period prior to FIFA Confederations Cup when accredited ticket brokers were able to distribute their tickets among football fans from across Russia and European countries.



World legal practice

The USA. In December 2016 president Obama signed the Better Online Ticket Sales (BOTS) act, banning the use of software instruments also known as "bots" for bulk purchase of tickets. The impact of the initiative on the black market should not be overestimated, as bulk purchases can be conducted from outside the US with next to no risk. In matters not related to bots' usage, individual states have independent regulations. Over the last decade, there has been a tendency across the states towards loosening restrictions when it comes to the resale of tickets (Minnesota, Connecticut). Consequently, 38 states consider reselling to be legal except when it occurs in the vicinity of the venue2. In the remaining 12 states re-selling is only legal for accredited ticket brokers.

Great Britain. Since April 2017, when the Digital Economy Bill received Royal Assent, bulk ticket purchases have been prohibited across Great Britain3. Since 1991, in England and



2 Regulating secondary ticket markets: the US approach, April 3 2017, www.sportspromedia.com 3 Digital Economy Bill receives Royal Assent, Press release, April 27 2017, www. gov.uk



5



Wales, tickets for major football events have not been able to be resold by unauthorized brokers4. In cases where fraudulent activity is involved, English criminal law serves as the basis for prosecution.

Russian Federation. In Russia, legislative initiatives concerning secondary ticketing market are in their infancy. Event organizers have been implementing their own measures, introducing a system of dynamic pricing in a manual mode and quotas for ticket brokers, which occasionally results in large inventories not being sold.

Eticket4 in the context of the global ticket industry

The legislative initiatives in developed countries are all in all focused on two major points: 1) considering the bots usage for bulk tickets buying to be an offence; 2) safeguarding transaction security and ticket validity. There is a tendency towards the loosening of restrictions, as ticket holders unable to attend events must be given an opportunity to resell tickets. Eticket4 acts as a platform that regulates interaction between the seller and the buyer in accordance with the transaction security standards adopted in the majority of countries. With the introduction of blockchain functionality, in addition to advanced analytical solutions based on neural networks, the company has developed a unique program of customer loyalty rewarding, from which all participants of the platform will significantly benefit.

In contrast to large players in the secondary ticket market in Europe and the US, Eticket4 offers:

Last Minute Deals Instead of buying a ticket outside the doors of the venue at a high price, all customers are able to order tickets on the Eticket4 website and get them delivered by courier to the venue.

Sales Analytics All participants of the platform are able to observe the statistics of ticket sales in the primary market in order to adjust their strategy.

Blockchain-based Functionality Blockchain solution does not solely contribute to transparency and security. Blockchainbased service provides: 1) Transaction fee as little as 2% instead of 30%; 2) real-time price forecasting and prompts for platform participants; 3) Exchange for ticket brokers (B2B channel) with functionality for forward contracts execution; 4) Loyalty and sales promotion program based on ET4 tokens.

In contrast to the blockchain projects planned to be launched in the US and UK in 2018 (Blocktix, Aventus), Eticket4 stands out as a successful business backed with real liquidity with experience of scaling to foreign markets.

4 Football (Offences) Act 1991, www.legislation.gov.uk

6



ISSUES HANDLED



Lack of trust between participants

Only individuals who have passed the identification process can put their tickets up for sale on the Eticket4 online platform. Depending on the amount of tickets offered, Eticket4 managers can conduct a telephone or personal interview. Every vendor's transaction along with their payment details are encrypted and stored in the decentralized ledger. Based on collected statistics the seller's integrity rating is calculated. In the same way detailed information about the purchaser is recorded. This includes the history of their purchases and identification data (card number). At any stage Eticket4 can obtain a detailed analytical summary, identify anomalies in transactions and pricing, and take measures to restrict illicit activity.

Legal issues

Eticket4 operates on the market not only in the framework of Russian legislation, but also in accordance with the requirements of other countries in the field of secondary ticket sales. The service does not work with brokers obtaining tickets in bulk through malicious software usage. In cases of suspicious transactions, Eticket4 is ready to publicly investigate the issue on the basis of statistics from the blockchain and customer feedback. In order to protect the rights of consumers, money paid for tickets is withheld by the system under the terms of the smart contract and only transferred to the seller once successfully used.



Pricing affairs

With the introduction of blockchain-based solutions Eticket4 service gains the opportunity to continuously analyze the price level in real time. Sellers gain access to advanced analytical tools once they deposit a minimum amount of tokens (see details in Economics behind token section). Advanced tools, apart from standard interactive report, include realtime price level estimations and forecasts. The forecast price is a multifactorial function, which give information on the time left until the event, the number of tickets left, the rate of sales growth, time of day, etc. Buyers will be able to see the forecasted price level as well. There is no way to discover the person to whom vendors are selling tickets.

Tickets validity

The identifier of each ticket put up for sale on the Eticket4 platform is scanned and written to the block. From this moment on the encrypted ticket has a clear correspondence between the ticket ID and the owner's ID to rule out doublespending. Each transaction on the way of transferring the ticket from one owner to another is regulated by a smart contract, so that both parties can monitor the fulfillment of the transaction conditions including receipt of funds to the smart contract account, discount accounting, fact of attendance, and transfer of funds to the seller.



7



ABOUT ETICKET4



Eticket4 ecosystem



In the long term, Eticket4 is aimed at combining the primary and secondary ticket market. To reach this goal, the company is working on transparent and flexible trading conditions, preparing to launch exchange for brokers with forward contracts functionality and a mobile app.



Individual Sellers



Ticket Brokers



Ticket Agencies



Event Organisers*



SU PPLY



Eticket4 website



Blockchainbased B2B exchange**



Search Engine Optimization



Pay-Per-Click adverts



Social Media



Partner Networks



Hotels, cafes, travel agencies,...



DEMAND



Individual buyers



Ticket Brokers



* The merger of the primary and secondary market is planned in Q1 2019. ** Brokers are able to sign forward contracts when buying or selling in bulk.



8



Competitive advantages

Reduced fees when paying with tokens. When buyers use ET4 tokens to pay for the tickets, the Eticket4 platform requires 2% fee instead of up to 30%.

Real-Time Analysis and Forecasting. As a result of continuous blockchain records analysing the system will be able to predict the probability of ticket price fluctuations and price trends. Real-time analytics will allow the seller to apply the most flexible pricing strategy. As the the time of the event nears, the equilibrium price drags toward a win-win outcome. Brokers are interested in all inventory being sold out, and buyers get the opportunity to redeem tickets shortly before the event at a reasonable price which in some cases may drop below their face value. Event organizers and in-event retail outlets receive maximum profit and a positive experience.

Bargaining. As an auxiliary tool in the process of dynamic pricing, sellers can enable the "Bargaining" checkbox in their dashboard to allow buyers to suggest a lower price or to ask for bonuses in ET4 tokens. The seller can either agree or refuse depending on recommended price and the volume of inventory left. In the same fashion, buyers suggest a discount or bonus based on the estimated future price or token exchange rate.

Forward Contracts Execution. Ticket brokers aiming at B2B market can make use of the Eticket4 B2B blockchain exchange for profitable wholesale deals.

Participants' Rights Protection. The funds paid by the buyer for the ticket are seamlessly converted into ET4 tokens and withheld on the smart contract account. If the customer does not report any issues concerning ticket validity within 3 days, Eticket4 guarantees timely payments to the vendors (carried out on monthly basis on predetermined days). In the unlikely scenario of tickets being counterfeited, Eticket4 checks the documents from the the event venue entrance, and also explores the history and rating of the seller. In the event of a negative outcome, the buyer gets a full refund, and the seller is sanctioned or expelled from the platform. Every single stage in the process of buying or refunding the ticket will be regulated by a smart contract and recorded in the block for monitoring and further analysis.

Worldwide Delivery. As soon as the seller announces the readiness to transfer tickets, the system automatically books a courier collection. When it comes to "ticket tourism," couriers can deliver tickets to a hotel address and hand them over to a customer personally at a suitable time. The delivery is free and lies fully on the responsibility of Eticket4.

Open Application Programming Interface. With the help of the open program interface Eticket4 can receive the event description and a vacant seat scheme from the partners' websites and landing pages, as well as upload modified seat scheme to third-party resources. Ticket brokers benefit from this feature as it will quickly publish event descriptions, images and synchronized data.

9



Project goals



2017



Open sales outlets in Europe, first-off: Spain, Germany, Italy, France, Portugal



Launch of Eticket4 platform translated into Spanish, Portuguese, German, Italian and French



2018



Introduce blockchain-based solutions to Eticket4 platform

Launch a separate platform for ticket brokers (B2B) based on the blockchain with the functionality of forward contracts execution

Achieve transparent pricing in the secondary ticket market in the US and Europe Minimize risks of every participant on the Eticket4 platform

Achieve turnover of $100 million in the Russian market and $2 billion in the Western markets.



2019-2026



Achieve an increase in annual turnover from $2 million to $10 million owing European markets entry and the sales of the World Cup tickets

Merge the primary and secondary markets by providing distribution solutions for event organizers

Set the standards for secondary market regulation based on blockchain

Spread the experience around the globe



10



ET4 TOKEN

Token issue

The Eticket4 platform seeks to expand functionality, incentivise customers and introduce a decentralized approach to ticketing. ET4 tokens will be generated after the token sale, which is reffered to as the Token Generation Event (TGE). The maximum number of tokens is 30 million. The Token conforms to the widely distributed standard ERC20. The emission will be conducted in cooperation with Phenom using a smart contract written on Solidity. Smart contract will ensure transparency of the entire process of tokens distribution. Every single transaction will also be recorded into smart contracts. The source code is published on GitHub (link: https://github.com/eticket4ico/crowdsale).

Economics behind ET4 token

The function of tokens in the ecosystem depends on the role of the token holder. The token holder can act as a platform participant, e.g. the event organizer, the ticket broker or the ticket buyer.

TOKEN HOLDERS

In the Eticket4 ecosystem a token holder is the subject who can take advantage of all the platform's advanced features. Acquisition of tokens. ET4 tokens are purchased 1) at the TGE (Token Generation Event) stage with bonuses, 2) on the internal Eticket4 exchange after the token sale is finished or 3) on any of the crypto exchanges where ET4 will be represented. Implementation of tokens. Once the Token Generation Event is over, ET4 tokens can be used as a payment instrument or a deposit on the Eticket4 platform. The buyback of tokens by the Eticket4 platform is not provided unless token holder decides to act as a ticket broker or an event organizer.

11



BTC ETH INVESTORS



TICKET BUYERS



ETICKET4 EXCHANGE



CRYPTO EXCHANGES



EVENT ORGANIZERS



TICKET BROKERS

EVENT ORGANIZERS

Event organizers are representatives of the primary ticketing market on the Eticket4 platform.

Acquisition of tokens. ET4 tokens are purchased by organizers 1) at the TGE (Token Generation Event) stage with bonuses, 2) on the internal Eticket4 exchange after the token sale is finished or 3) on any of the crypto exchanges where ET4 will be represented. The organizers can receive payment for tickets in tokens.

Implementation of tokens. Organizers that receive ET4 tokens as payment can at any time exchange tokens for fiat money by selling ET4 on crypto exchange or on the internal Eticket4 exchange with 20% fee.

Holding tokens for regulation. With a balance of more than 10,000 ET4 the event organizer can regulate the secondary ticket market through smart contracts, e.g. set price and volume limits on the tickets issued via Eticket4 platform, receive fees from secondary market transactions.

Holding tokens for rewarding. To launch the reward campaign for social media activity, check-ins at the event venue and reviews, the organizer must have a reserve of tokens, to guarantee the fulfillment of obligations.

12



TICKET BROKERS

Ticket brokers on the Eticket4 platform are participants in the secondary market that issue tickets for sale.

Acquisition of tokens. ET4 tokens are purchased by brokers 1) at the TGE (Token Generation Event) stage with bonuses, 2) on the internal Eticket4 exchange after the token sale is finished or 3) on any of the crypto exchanges where ET4 will be represented. The brokers can receive payment for tickets in tokens.

Implementation of tokens. Ticket brokers that receive ET4 tokens as payment can at any time exchange tokens for fiat money by selling ET4 on crypto exchange or on the internal Eticket4 exchange with 20% fee.

Holding tokens for advanced features. With a balance of more than 1,000 tokens, the distributor gets access to advanced analytical tools and ticket price forecasting features.

Reduced fees when accepting tokens. When buyers use ET4 tokens to pay for the tickets, the Eticket4 platform requires 2% fee instead of 30%. From each transaction 1% will be charged to pay the miners for the transaction and another 1% will go to either the Platform Development or the Lottery fund. In the event that the buyer chooses fiat money as a method of payment, the ticket broker includes a fee of 30% in the ticket price in accordance with the Commission Agreement.

TICKET BUYERS

Buyers on the Eticket4 platform are participants in the secondary market who demand tickets.

Acquisition of tokens. Tokens can be purchased with the primary generation of tokens (at the TGE stage) or during trading on the exchange, and are also credited as cashback or reward. When paying for a ticket for fiat money, the system automatically converts them into ET4 tokens in accordance with the current exchange rate on the domestic exchange.

Implementation of tokens. The buyer can pay for the tickets in ET4 or sell the tokens on the exchange. Tickets can be paid for in several ways: for fiat money (national currency), for ET4 tokens in full, and for ET4 tokens with an additional payment in national currency in case there are not enough tokens on the account. Any deposit in fiat money is automatically converted seamlessly into ET4 tokens.

With the growth of the token price in the course of exchange trades, the purchasing power of the token also increases. For example, if the price of the token doubles, the buyer needs two times less tokens to purchase a ticket.

Reduced fees when paying with tokens. When buyers use ET4 tokens to pay for the tickets, the Eticket4 platform requires 2% fee instead of 30%. In the

13



event that the buyer chooses fiat money as a method of payment, the ticket broker includes a 30% fee in the ticket price in accordance with the Commission Agreement.

Rewards in tokens for the best result prediction. Each buyer who pays for the sports ticket with ET4 tokens will be able to win tokens for successful match results prediction. The tokens distribution among the winners winners will be carried out automatically. For example, if tickets were sold for 100,000 tokens for the match, and 10% of visitors guessed the results of the match, 1,000 tokens will be distributed among these visitors. The received tokens can be used to purchase tickets in the future as well as be sold on the exchange.

Cashback in tokens. Once tickets are successfully used the buyer receives 10% cashback in tokens. For World Cup tickets the token cashback volume is 20%.

ETICKET4 PLATFORM

ET4 Exchange intervention. To adjust the exchange rate and ensure the buyback of ET4 tokens, the Reserve fund of tokens and fiat money will be established.

The fund will be partially financed by the Token Generation Event. The token reserve will be replenished through buyback from the organizers and ticket brokers (as the rate decreases) or through the receipt of payments in tokens (during the rate growth period).

The reserved tokens will be sold before major events prior to token rate growth, which will increase the reserve in the national currency needed for buyback after the event. The reserve in the national currency will be replenished when selling tickets for fiat, which means the full fee will be charged (30% instead of 2% when charging in tokens).

Token buyback (for event organizers and ticket brokers). To incentivize the event organizers and ticket brokers to use the platform and reduce the risk of the exchange rate fluctuation after the end of the event, Eticket4 will guarantee token buyback at a weighted average ET4 token price on the day of ticket sale with of 20% fee. Thus, the use of the Eticket4 blockchain platform will remain profitable for the organizers: they will be able to either sell the received tokens at a market price on the crypto exchange, or take advantage of a guaranteed buy-back with a fee of 20%, which is equivalent to the average ticket distributors' fee.

The 20% fee for buyback will stimulate the organizers and distributors to sell tokens while the rate increases before the event. Also, the fee will restrict users from reselling tickets to another account for the purpose of subsequent compensation using a buyback mechanism.

The buyback option is only valid for tokens received as payment for tickets. Tokens bought at the TGE or on the crypto exchange will not be accepted for buyback by Eticket4 platform. The source of the tokens will be checked by entries in the blockchain.

14



VALUE BEHIND ET4 TOKENS

Liquidity. Unlike many other blockchain-based projects, ET4 does not need to wait for 100% availability of all products to increase the value of the tokens: our existing Eticket4 ticketing platform with an annual turnover of $2 million already provides tokens with real rather than speculative liquidity. The company demonstrates an average monthly growth rate of 2-3%. Being just in time. In the next 5 years, the primary and secondary markets are expected to merge, so Eticket4 being a user-friendly project seeks to restore the competitive environment in the secondary ticket market and make arrangements for equal and mutually beneficial coexistence with the primary market. The Eticket4 team has already occupied a promising niche in the Russian market (the secondary ticket market in Russia is growing at an average annual rate of 19%) and is motivated to enter the Western markets using World Cup as a launchpad. Scaling experience. The Eticket4 project has already gained experience in entering international markets and has contributed to the development of "ticket tourism" during the Confederation Cup. The next large-scale international project will be the upcoming World Championship 2018. In the run-up to the Championship, Eticket4 together with its partners will prepare additional services and offers loyalty discounts for tickets to up to 30%. The growing demand for tokens. The economy of the token is arranged in such a way that each participant (seller, buyer and investor) presents a demand for tokens. The amount paid for a ticket in fiat money is converted into tokens and recorded in a block transaction. Such seamless purchasing means that even when using fiat money, the buyer also presents demand for tokens. The deficit model of the token is also considered to serve as a long-term growth factor.

15



The legal nature of the token

Token's role 1. ET4 Token is a digital unit of the Eticket4 loyalty reward program. For each ticket

bought on the platform the customer is rewarded with tokens. Token ET4 can be used by a buyer to pay up to 100% of the cost of tickets, or by a re-seller to unlock the advanced analytical functionality. 2. ET4 Tokens do not give, or purport to give, traditional equity, debt or other investor rights. 3. ET4 Tokens do not give entitlement to a share of profits and/or losses, or assets and/ or liabilities 4. There is specific functionality on the Eticket4 platform that is only available to token holders.

Responsibility of the parties 1. The Issuer (Eticket4) is not responsible for any actions of the participants who entered

the loyalty program of the Eticket4 service. The holder of the ET4 token is entitled to dispose of the digital asset at its discretion. Eticket4 is not responsible for the actions of the ET4 token holders. 2. Eticket4 guarantees the tokens buyout only for event organizers and ticket brokers and only of tokens that were at least once used to pay for a ticket. Tokens bought at the TGE will not be bought out unless they were once used to make a payment on the Eticket4 platform. 3. Eticket4 warns tokens holders about possible changes in the value of the digital asset ET4 in the future and about the manipulation of the digital asset market ET4. Eticket4 is not responsible for such changes and manipulations. 4. The number of participants on the Eticket4 platform may vary.

16



BUSINESS PLAN

Allocation of funds

40% Marketing  Pay-Per-Click Advertising worldwide  Social Media marketing  Search Engine Optimization  Affiliate networks  Offline product placement in cafes, hotels, travel agencies, etc.  Customer loyalty reward program  Promotional events

30% Development  Blockchain system development and integration  Blockchain-based analytical tools development and integration  B2B Platform designing, development and launch  Mobile app development (2 stages): event listing for buyers (I), in-app dashboard for re-sellers (II)  Digital Marketing Automation solutions  Chat bots development

20% Operating and Legal costs  Offices rental in the countries participating in the World Cup  Courier delivery services  Telecom and Internet

10% Reserve fund  The fund of ET4 tokens and fiat money will be established to adjust the exchange rate and ensure the buyback of ET4 tokens.

Marketing

Development



Operating Costs



Reserve Fund

17



Roadmap

2015

Q2

2015

Q2-Q4

2016

September

2017

Q1

2017

Q2-Q3

2017

December

2018

30.01- 21.02

2018

27.0223.03

2018

Q1-Q2

2018

Q1-Q4

2018

Q1-Q4

2018

Q2-Q4

2019

Q1

2019

Q1-Q2



Creating a concept for Eticket4 and prototyping

Eticket4 Web Platform development (Israel)

Eticket4.ru & Etickt4.com launch

Eastern Europe and CIS countries markets entry during FIFA Confederations Cup 2017 ticket sales period

Paid Analytics tools launch for ticket brokers

Introducing API for data exchange

International shipping services integration

32 000 Deals, 60 000 Tickets sold, $2 000 000 Revenue

Token Pre-sale

Token Generation Event

Opening outlets in countries participating in World Cup 2018

Spanish, Portuguese, German and French versions of Eticket4 website launch Entering Commonwealth of Independent States and European Union markets

Development and introduction of new business process management approach based on blockchain

Development and launch of ticket exchange for brokers with forward contracts functionality

Mobile Application launch

Entering the US market



$250 000 invested

2500 Deals 5 000 Tickets sold



18



Token Generation Event Details

Public sale is carried out in 3 stages: private offer (30.01.2018-31.01.2018), Presale (30.01.2018 - 21.02.2018) and TGE (27.02.2018 - 23.03.2018). The private offer (a preliminary closed sale) will be held for the pioneers of the crypto community, representatives of the ticketing and event industries. Those will become the first customers of the ecosystem and receive a bonus of 40% with a minimum contribution of 1 ETH.

Throughout the tokens sale the price of one ET4 token is fixed at 1/1000 ETH.

Initially, 30 million tokens will be generated. The tokens that will not have been sold will be annulled by a smart contract. Based on the results of private and public offers, the maximum fund is 13,800 ETH (800 ETH for Pre-sale, 13,000 ETH for TGE). Tokens can be purchased with Bitcoin (BTC) or Ethereum (ETH).



Token distribution



46% Public Sale

PRESALE: 800 ETH



20% Eticket4

Team



10% Private O er



7%



4%



3% 10%



Reserve Advisers Bounty Mining



Fund



TGE: 13000 ETH



%



Public sale



46



Eticket4 Team



20



Private Offer



10



Reserve Fund



7



Advisors



4



Bounty



3



Mining



10



TOTAL



100



Tokens 13,800,000 6,000,000 3,000,000 2,100,000 1,200,000 900,000 3,000,000 30,000,000



19



Bonus campaign

Throughout the term of the public offer Eticket4 is carrying out a bonus campaign. The bonus value depends on either the volume of investments or the dates of tokens purchase. The private offer participants will be rewarded with a maximum 40% bonus.



Volume Bonus Premiums (PRESALE 30.01.2018 - 21.02.2018):



30%



25%



20%



15%



10%



1,000-5,000 Tokens



5,001-10,000 Tokens



10,001-15,000 Tokens



15,001-20,000 Tokens



Time-Frame Bonus Premiums (PRESALE 30.01.2018 - 21.02.2018):

15% 12% 10% 8%



20,000+ Tokens



5 Days



6-10 Days



11-20 Days



21+ Days



Volume Bonus Premiums (TGE 27.02.2017 - 23.03.2018):

20% 15% 10% 5%



1,000-5,000 Tokens



5,001-10,000 Tokens



10,001-15,000 Tokens



15,001-20,000 Tokens



25%

20,000+ Tokens



Time-Frame Bonus Premiums (TGE 27.02.2017 - 23.03.2018):

6% 4% 3% 1%



5 Days



6-10 Days



11-20 Days

20



21+ Days



HOLDERS' RISK MANAGEMENT



Price manipulation



1



The ET4 Token will only enter exchanges once the World Cup ticket re-selling gains momentum (2nd quarter of 2018). By that time, the company will enter



the foreign markets and gradually increase the number of publications.



The risk of demand for ET4 tokens plummeting

2 Based on the vote results of the tokens owners, Eticket4 will adjust the terms

of the customer loyalty program if the need arises.



Misuse of funds



3



The funds allocation is stated in this section. At least once a month Eticket4 will send the reports providing insights into the progress. Reputation is the key



factor for the company such as Eticket4.



Backdoors in smart-contracts' code

4 The source code for smart contracts is published on GitHub and already

available: https://github.com/eticket4ico/crowdsale



The risk of changing legislation

The ET4 Token is neither a currency nor a security. This is, on the one hand, a

5 loyalty program token, and on the other hand, the access key to the advanced

otherwise locked functionality of the Eticket4 service.



21



THE TEAM



Daniil Kruchinin

Co-Founder / Marketing

Daniil graduated from Russian Presidential Academy, the Institute of Chicago (US) and Ford Lauderdale (US).

As Deputy Head of Corporate Credit Department. Daniil was responsible for developing relations with the top Russian companies and was able to increase outstanding portfolio of RUR 3B.

As Head of Key Clients Department of OTP Bank, Daniil was responsible for performance of a whole direction and increased outstanding portfolio by more than RUR 1.5B personally.

Dmitry Fedorovich

Co-Founder / Cheif Developer

Dmitry graduated from Moscow Aviation Institute Dmitry created full software infrastructure for Moscow's TOP-3 animal goods shop (the software included store management, online shop, purchasing system, logistics and delivery modules)

Dmitry successfully organized full infrastructure of Zingaya. Zingaya was nominated for "Best Runet Startup" nomination and closed Round A

Dmitry headed MyFin service which has raised $1M from Mail.ru group

22



Jevgenijs Vainsteins

Advisor

16-years experience in technical marketing (Business Development, Sales & Presales to Carriers, Distributors, VAR's, System Integrators) Indirect Channel development for Telecom Products within CEE/CIS and EMEA. Establish new relationships with Distributors, System integrators, Service providers and Solution Partners within CEE/CIS and EMEA. Strong relationships with decision makers in the data centre, cloud and telecommunications sectors within EMEA. Responsible for the identification, appointment and development of technology partners and OEM relationships.

Konstantin Lazukin

Advisor /CTO at RMCE

Software Engineering Leader with 8 years experience in multiple industries including e-commerce, real estate, finance. Blockchain enthusiast, co-founder of "Evening School" one of the first crypto clubs in Moscow. Team leader at REMC company. Konstantin successfully organized full development circle of Sophie CRM system and launched it in 2016.

23



Dmitry Plakhov

Advisor

Coordinator of the St. Petersburg blockchain developers community.

In 1991 enrolled in Department of Biomedical Optics at Faculty of Physics and Engineering, ITMO University. He was engaged in several projects hosted by Vladimir Vasilyev, ITMO University rector, e.g. RUNNet Federal University Network, distance learning center, laser medical center, etc.

Graduated from St. Petersburg State University of Information Technology, Mechanics and Optics (ITMO University in praesenti). In 2006 headed the Network Operation Center, serving mass market in the United States.

As part of one of the largest Russian integrators (BCC), he designed and implemented a corporate distance learning system in certain governmental and commercial organizations.

Vladimir Kirilenko

Advisor

Vladimir has 10 years of experience in the banking field. He has expertise in the structuring of financial transactions related to the property acquisition within various national jurisdictions and use of escrow tools.

Currently, he holds the position of the Director in the Transactional Business Department in the largest bank of the Russian Federation (TOP 2).

He obtained two higher educations: in Bauman Moscow State Technical University with the specialty in "Computer Science and Management Systems" and in the Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration with the special-ty "Finance and Banking".

24



Ilia Stechkin

Advisor Ilia Stechkin (Israel), advisor in inbound and community marketing. CMO at Host-Telecom.com s.r.o. (Czech Republic), expert at internal and external communications of high-tech companies, co-founder of TechComLab.com, certified inbound specialist, ICT researcher, member of the global OpenStack community, Forbes contributor.

Octavian Ciuhandu

Advisor 20+ years of experience with Microsoft and Linux platforms, network management and security. Proficiency in designing applications for scalability and availability. Integrating OpenStack and Microsoft Windows solutions CI/CD design, deployment, automation and maintenance for large projects. NFV involvement in the Open-O and ONAP projects.

25



Toan Nguyen

Advisor

Toan Nguyen is Director of Business Development and Marketing/Communication across EMEA at e-shelter.

In his role he is responsible for bringing the maximum value to e-shelter's customers and partners that use e-shelter's colocation and connectivity solutions for their hybrid and multi cloud deployments to enable their digital business platform.

Furthermore, he is also in charge of e-shelter's Marketing and Go-To-Market strategy in the cloud field, helping execute on the company's multi-year sales plan and identifying areas that will drive future growth.

Prior to his current role, Nguyen held a series of sales leadership positions at Amazon Web Services (AWS). In this role, he was responsible for planning and executing cloud sales strategy in different markets such as large startups, mid-market enterprises as well as large global enterprises in various industries.

Before his time at AWS, Nguyen worked at HewlettPackard, where he spent 10 years in presales, sales and sales strategy working in Germany, in the United States as well as Singapore.

Passionate about startups he is also contributing to the German Startup Association.

Nguyen is a native of Hanoi, Vietnam. He received a MBA degree from The Open University, England. Nguyen also holds a bachelor's degree in Applied Computer Science from Baden-Wuerttemberg Cooperative State University in Stuttgart, Germany.

26



David Rapoport

Advisor David is accomplished telecom & IT sales leader, he has spent 18+ years in different different sales leadership roles and positions with US, Israeli and Russian vendors. Over these years David managed to introduce many new vendors in EE & Russia, significantly grow business of established vendors, create few joint ventures in telecom market. Ziad brings his go to market, business development and sales expertise to Eticket4 team to make sure that the company will have stable growth and market success.

27



LEGAL DISCLAIMER

Please read this Legal Disclaimer carefully before proceeding with any actions based on this Whitepaper. This notice applies to all persons who read this document. Please note Whitepaper may be amended or updated. This Whitepaper refers to relevant presale and token generation event (TGE) mentioned hereby. The Whitepaper does not constitute any relations between ET4 Tokens holders and the Distributor.

Acquisition of ET4 Tokens does not present an exchange of crypto currencies or fiat money for any form of shares, debentures or other securities of the Distributor and holders of ET4 Tokens are not entitled to any form of dividend or profit.

ME Tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort, and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investments of any kind in securities in any jurisdiction.

This Whitepaper is for information purposes only. The contents of this Whitepaper are not a financial promotion. Therefore, none of the contents of this Whitepaper serves as an invitation or inducement to engage in any sort of investment activity.

Whitepaper may be translated into several languages. In case of any contradictions between its versions, English version shall prevail.

Distributor may update this Whitepaper from time to time, for an updated version of this documents prospective acquirers should refer to http://et4.io.

In no event will Distributor and its affiliates be responsible or liable for any claims, damages, liabilities, losses, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, liquidated, economic and noneconomic, punitive or special (including damages for loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or whatsoever).

Prospective acquirers acknowledge and agree that they are not purchasing ME Tokens for purposes of investment, speculation, as some type of arbitrage strategy, for immediate resale or other financial purposes.

Some of the statements in the Whitepaper include forward-looking statements which reflect the Distributor's and/or its affiliates' current views with respect to execution roadmap, financial performance, business strategy and future plans, both with respect to the Distributor and the sectors and industries in which the Distributor and/or Eticket4 operate.

28



THANK YOU! HAVE A NICE DAY

VISIT ET4.IO WEBSITE

Blockchain-based secondary ticketing marketplace



