Extra Credit

Whitepaper



Abstract

The success of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum has increased awareness of the benefits that blockchain technology offers. As a result, many industries are scrambling to adopt blockchain technology. However, they are unable to get skilled blockchain experts to help them grow. Even firms like Deloitte, PwC, and KPMG are struggling to get enough employees for their blockchain departments. This is because there is no formal place where individuals can get the prerequisite skills to work in the industry.

Extra Credit provides a solution to this problem by providing a platform where students can get knowledge on Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies. The platform is suitable for novices who are getting an introduction into the cryptocurrency world or experts who want to keep their skills sharp. The platform incentivizes learning by offering students an opportunity to earn XTRA tokens when they complete courses or achieve good scores in any of the competitions. Contributors will also earn by providing modules that students can undertake.

It also offers an opportunity for investors to earn through the multiple revenue streams of the firm. They include course commission fees, paid promotions and paid sponsorships. Users can also earn through the affiliate program on the platform. You can get additional information on the website or any of the social media pages. Join Extra Credit as we seek to provide a platform that will increase the number of cryptocurrency and blockchain experts required to push Satoshi Nakamoto's vision forward.



CONTENTS



Table of contents



Abstract



2



Introduction



4



The potential for blockchain technology



5



Statement of the problem



7



The Extra Credit Solution



8



BitcoinHomework: An Evolving Learning Portal



8



Community, Partners, Sponsors & Content Contributors



8



A Working Platform



9



10 Team



Extra Credit



12



Roadmap Token



13



Economics Token



14



Sale



16



Token Holder Benefits



17



Distribution of Tokens 17

Affiliate Program



Social Networks - Stay



18



Informed! Community



18



Feedback



04 - INTRODUCTION

Introduction

2018 will mark ten years since Satoshi Nakamoto submitted his paper that led to the development of blockchain technology. In the span of a decade, blockchain technology has grown from the obscurity of a simple whitepaper to the headlines of most major newspapers around the world. As the Bitcoin transaction volumes keep rising, blockchain technology keeps growing in popularity.

The three most notable industries are confidentiality, decentralization, and security. Blockchains provide confidentiality by leveraging cryptographic encryption in the algorithm. Blockchain networks are encrypted to ensure that the information is kept away from prying eyes. Additionally, user information is protected by the use of pseudonyms on the platform ensuring that no sensitive details are leaked to others within and outside the blockchain.

Blockchain technology is also decentralized. Unlike conventional platforms that use a centralized archival approach to store sensitive information, blockchain technology uses only one ledger and distributes it to all the user accounts on the platform. It is always updated regardless of the location. This means that everyone on the platform has a complete record of all the transactions made. However, since the names are pseudonyms, there is no risk of user information being leaked. It is an ingenious method that eliminates the need for databases or cloud storage.

Finally, Blockchain technology is advancing towards being one of the most secure ways to store data. Part of this is due to the encryption used that prevents others from obtaining information on others. However, the decentralized nature of blockchain technology makes it almost impossible to hack. Essentially, most hackers tend to use brute force attack when they attack databases or cloud-based platforms. This is because there is a central machine and as long as they know the right techniques and have the right computing power, they can breach the system. However, since blockchain technology uses a single decentralized ledger, the information is backed up by thousands of devices. Theoretically, tens of thousands of hackers have to coordinate their attacks to breach a blockchain's security system. This is currently impossible giving blockchain technology unparalleled security.

4



05 - THE POTENTIAL FOR BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY

The potential for blockchain technology

When you mention blockchain technology, most people think of cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum. Yes, cryptocurrencies are a legitimate method of storing wealth. That is why Bitcoin, Ethereum, and other successful cryptocurrencies keep appreciating in value. However, blockchain technology has multiple applications in a myriad of industries. Some of them include:

Banking industry

The banking industry has already been disrupted by blockchain technology, but there are more drastic changes expected in the future. Banks and other fi nancial institutions are slowly adopting blockchain technology with the aim of leveraging the security features. Additionally, experts believe that blockchain technology can reduce the costs spent on fi nancial intermediaries by almost $20 billion a year. It will also allow banks to give customers a true personal banking option like what most cryptocurrencies off er. An example is that most people who have Bitcoin store it in wallets on their devices so will have full control of their capital.

Cybersecurity

Cybersecurity has always been playing a catch-up game with hackers. Most of the security protocols are created in response to breaches that had already occurred. This was reactionary rather than proactive. However, blockchain technology provides a way to guarantee the security of networks. This is particularly important for fi nancial networks used for remittance and payment processing. This will prevent the numerous security breaches that many payment platforms face each year. It can also prevent similar attacks like the recent DDoS and ransomware attacks across Europe.

5



06 - THE POTENTIAL FOR BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY

Election management

The 2016 United States election highlighted some vulnerabilities in election management. Blockchain platforms are being developed that can allow the secure transmission of poll information without the likelihood of being breached. This makes it tamper proof. The issues of credibility of elections will be solved. Additionally, it allows the voters to track their vote through the platform.

Supply chain management

Supply chain management is a crucial responsibility for most manufacturing businesses. However, it seriously affects the liquidity of business when the supply chain is not lean, and it can lead to shortages when it is not agile enough. Most of the time issues with order batching are caused by human error or time delays. Blockchain technology can create an integrated platform where a business can manage the supply chain effi ciently. It can also identify problems in advance and align the production and procurement divisions with customer demand changes.

Logistics and the Internet of Things

The Internet of Things (IoT) is expected to revolutionize logistics. However, the IoT needs secure networks to ensure they run smoothly. This can be achieved using blockchain technology. Additionally, blockchain technology when integrated with RFID tracking can help solve some of the logistics problems that fi rms are experiencing.

Public archival

Government departments are turning to blockchain technology as a solution for the storage of information. Blockchain technology can allow citizen information to be stored in a decentralized and secure platform that provides services to citizens. The inclusion of smart contracts can allow some services to be executed on the platform independent of human involvement. This will greatly improve efficiency in government services while reducing any errors that arise. It is evident that blockchain technology will be an integral part of many industries. In the next two or three years, these six industries will integrate blockchain technology into their operations.

6



07 - STATEMENT OF THE PROBLEM

Statement of the problem

Despite the apparent importance of blockchain technology, firms are facing a serious problem getting qualifi ed personnel that can work in their firms. Already there is a hiring crunch as many businesses try to find people with the qualifications to work on their blockchain platforms. Already, many professional firms like Deloitte, PwC, and KMPG are trying to get employees who can work in this area of expertise. They have slots for thousands of experts worldwide, but the number of qualifi ed individuals is quite limited.

At the moment experts believe that there are only 20,000 blockchain developers with the necessary skills. As more companies adopt blockchain technology, more firms are looking for blockchain developers to help develop and maintain their platforms. Reports seem to suggest that qualifi ed cryptocurrency and blockchain engineers are receiving annual salaries between $64,000 to $149,000 for relatively new entrants.

The shortage is even worse in developing countries that require these services. Most of Africa and parts of Asia can benefi t greatly from blockchain technology, but there is no access to information or knowledge to these parts. This is a global shortage. Already businesses are scrambling to get experts on blockchain technology. This demand needs to be met for industries to integrate blockchain technology fully.

This shortage is caused by a lack of education. Since blockchain technology is a emerging technology, there are no colleges that provide a formal education. Most of those in the field are enthusiasts who already have a background in technology. However, anyone can become a blockchain engineer with the required skills. Before universities develop comprehensive curriculum that can train students, there will be a gap in the impartation of knowledge on blockchains. Additionally, blockchain technology is ever evolving. New advancements are being created, new blockchain designs are being developed, and more applications are being discovered. Therefore, even those who are already in the blockchain field need to continually increase their knowledge base as new things are being developed.

7



08 - THE EXTRA CREDIT SOLUTION

The Extra Credit Solution

Extra Credit is a platform that seeks to solve the lack of skilled talent in the blockchain industry by providing a platform where students of all ages can start learning about Cryptocurrency. The training offered simply an overview of blockchain technology with in-depth courses that put students on the track to become future blockchain engineers.

The variety is important because students have different needs. Those in management who want to learn about how to work with blockchain based businesses can take simple courses geared towards blockchain for business while those who want to get skills in blockchain engineering follow a different set of courses.

BitcoinHomework: An Evolving Learning Portal

Our mission with Extra Credit (XTRA) & BitcoinHomework is to provide a learning portal for people with varying levels of experience in the cryptocurrency industry. BitcoinHomework will be a hub for sharing ideas as well as learning about the many facets around cryptocurrencies. On the platform students both new, and experienced to cryptocurreny can engage in a rich, vibrant and ever-changing crypto learning community. That engagement will consist of online course subscriptions - some of which are free and/or sponsored (and free) from our industry partners, as well as participate in discussions and debates in our various chat rooms and forums.

Community, Partners, Sponsors & Content Contributors

The landscape of crypto is ever-changing, our content will be updated by our content contributing partners, and the ability to up or down vote ensure our students are getting the most current learning information that is available.

BitcoinHomework will engage with thousands of content contributors, pioneers and leaders in the crypto industry who will be considered our valued partners. Their content contributions to BitcoinHomework will be rewarded through course commissions from the students who enroll in their paid courses.

8



09 - THE EXTRA CREDIT SOLUTION

Other earning opportunities and incentives will be implemented as students begin to enroll in our many online courses. We will also be working with industry partners such as cryptocurrency trading exchanges & hardware providers (cold wallet storage devices) and other such providers where their products and/or services can directly reach their desired audience who can learn about their products/services via approved training courses and enable the student to commit from an informed/educated position. There will also be an online marketplace where approved vendors can sell their BitcoinHomework approved products for Extra Credit (XTRA) tokens that can be shipped worldwide. We have many great plans for Extra Credit & BitcoinHomework, and we need your support to help bring cryptocurrency education to people.

A Working Learning Platform

We're proud to announce that as of the release date of this whitepaper that we have a fully working Cryptocurreny learning platform. The concept of BitcoinHomework was seeded by our founder years ago and as the idea has grown and evolved and the team has grown so has the development of our platform. The years of concept proofing, prototyping, and development that is already behind us is a free added benefit to our ICO investors who will see a working product and a return for their investment sooner than most ICO's. Investors will get exclusive access to the platform during our stress test period as well as other added token holders benefits such as exclusive course discounts for life.

9



10 - THE TE AM

The Team

Curtis Smith - CEO

Curtis' experience includes knowledge of digital currency, how to manage a highly skilled team, building relationships and driving the company forward.

Tim - Course Builder

Tim Forrest is a cryptocurrency enthusiast who has been researching blockchain technology and using his entrepreneurial background to innovate the community. His knowledge of crypto currency dates back to 2010.

Morris G - Head Of Marketing

Morris has been within the blockchain and crypto space for the last 2 years, with excellent online research skills. He has 5 years of exceptional writing and research skills.

Jennifer W - Social Media Manager

Real Estate Investor/Mentor who works with aspiring wholesale investors to help them get to their first deal and create their best lives with personal development. Jennifer believes that the proper mindset along with taking action is the key to success. Jennifer holds a BBA in Marketing from Berkeley. https:// www.linkedin. com/in/jenniferwest09/

10



11 - THE TE AM

Ralph - Developer

Ralph has over 12 Years of Computer Engineering Experience under his belt and is fluent in over 11 Coding Languages. He also holds a degree in Engineering.

Pranav - Advisor

Pranav Jain is a crypto-trader, an aspiring lawyer, and a soldier in the Canadian Armed Forces that will help Bitcoin Homework deliver & Extra Credit its services efficiently so that students can retain information with ease.

Connor - Advisor

Connor started mining and trading Cryptocurrency at college in 2012. He set up multiple mining farms, a Cryptocurrency hedge fund and a money remittance application, utilizing blockchain technology.



OgNasty - Advisor



Marcel - Advisor



Zayaan - SEO Manager



We believe our platform is only as good



11



as our engagement and relationships with



our students and our contributing partners



12 - E X TR A CREDIT ROADMAP

Extra Credit Roadmap

The Extra Credit idea was conceptualized in 2017, and the team was formed. Later in the year, the conceptual idea was formalized, and advisors gave direction on how to crowdsale and launch the platform. The website was launched and details provided on the platform. The PreICO program will be launched from December 1st, 2017 to January 1st, 2018. This gives investors ample time to invest in the Extra Credit at discounted prices. The proceeds will be used to market the main ICO that will be launched in the 1st quarter of 2018.

The proceeds will be used in the development of a smart contract that will deliver Extra Credit upon completion of the course. This provides an avenue for students to make an income. The cryptocurrency progress reports will also be implemented as well as the Bitcoin homework referral system. Additionally, the 2nd Quarter will also see the introduction of the Education Store and improved multilingual support to expand the customer base.

In the 3rd Quarter, the platform will introduce the honor rolls where students can compete with each other in the same course around the world. This will spur the drive for better academic achievement. The 3rd quarter will also see the development of the mobile application to make it easier for students to access the mobile site. The 4th quarter of 2018 will see the launch of the online Podcast classroom. This will enhance learning by allowing different people across the globe to share knowledge by working together in groups / teams.

In the 1st Quarter of 2019, the platform will launch an open source platform for universities, colleges and schools. Universities across the world can provide MOOCs to less privileged students. They will be able to access learning material and interact with others using the mobile application. Extra Credit will revolutionize global education. Finally, Extra Credit will be pursuing sponsorships and business partnerships as the other goals in the roadmap are achieved.

12



13 - TOKEN ECONOMICS

Token Economics

Our aim is to make BitcoinHomework the leading cryptocurrency learning resource in the world. With a potential audience of billions of people and a strictly limited token supply, demand for Extra Credit "XTRA" Tokens will increase exponentially over time - providing excellent value for ICO investors and Content Contributors who will earn XTRA Tokens via student enrolments in their online courses. Extra Credit will also have varying income earning streams through the platform which include:

Course Commission Fees for courses provided by Content Contributors Paid Course Promotions from Contributors/Industry Sponsors Paid Sponsorship Courses (for Free or paid courses to promote approved products/services) Advertisements

Other income streams will be implemented further down the track however in the interests of being transparent it's important for our token holders to know how these earnings will be attributed and reinvested to grow our platform and expand our reach. Income earnings will go towards: Support and Development Team Salaries Ongoing Platform Developments Marketing & Promotions Affiliate Fees

13



14 - TOKEN SALE

Token Sale

Bug Bounty & Promotions 5M Xtra 0.8% Extra Credit Team 150M Xtra 25% Pre Sale 100M XTRA 16.7%



Pre Sale Bonus 20M XTRA 3.3% ICO Referral Program 5M Xtra 4.2%

Public Token Sale 300M XTRA 50%



The Extra Credit "XTRA" Token Sale & Specifics are as follows:

XTRA Token is an ERC20 Token XTRA ICO will have a fixed Token Price AND Fixed Token Supply = Fixed Cap on Funds Raised Token Sale Price is fixed @ $0.10 The number of Tokens issued will be equivalent to the amount of approved currency contributed by the investor and divided by the fixed Token Sale Price of $0.10



14



15 - TOKEN SALE

The Extra Credit "XTRA" Token Sale & Specifics are as follows:

XTRA Token is an ERC20 Token XTRA ICO will have a fixed Token Price AND Fixed Token Supply = Fixed Cap on Funds Raised Token Sale Price is fixed @ $0.10 The number of Tokens issued will be equivalent to the amount of approved currency contributed by the investor and divided by the fixed Token Sale Price of $0.10

Tokens Issued:

100M Tokens for Pre-Sale NB: Pre-Sale has a minimum purchase requirement of 25,000 Tokens (or $2,500) 20M Tokens given away in bonuses to all Pre-Sale Investors (equivalently a 20% bonus) 300M Tokens Sold at ICO Public Sale NB: Public Sale has a minimum purchase requirement of 500 Tokens (or $50) 150M Tokens Held By Extra Credit Team in a public wallet 25M Token Allowance for our ICO Referral Program held in a public wallet 5M Tokens Reserved for Bug Bounty & Promotions held in a public wallet 600M Total Tokens Issued

15



16 - ICO REFERR AL POLICY & INVESTOR BENEFITS

ICO Referral Policy

We're implementing a 5% Referral Incentive for all token contributers. The allowance of 5M Tokens for this program will be distributed on a first signed up, first served basis.

Extra Credit Reserves the right to burn any excess unused coins from the Referral Program and Bug Bounty allowances if not redeemed. This will add inflationary pressure to the Token from a reduction in supply. For all updates on regarding the Token Sale, ICO status or Token Distributions - please refer to the sources outlined in our Social Networks section in this Whitepaper.

Token Holder Benefits

As an added thank you to our Token Holders - all token holders will earn a lifetime discount for all courses provided on our platform. There are 3 levels of discounts offered:



5%

BRONZE

DISCOUNT 1,000 - 9,999 Tokens



10%

SILVER

DISCOUNT 10,000 - 99,999 Tokens



20%

GOLD

DISCOUNT 100,000+ Tokens



16



17 - DISTRIBUTION OF TOKENS & AFFILIATE PROGRAM

Distribution of Tokens

The Extra Credit Team will distribute tokens in order to serve our biggest token holders first. Please be patient with our distribution process at this stage we anticipate full distribution of tokens to be completed within a few business days. The reason for this time allowance is that we will be manually distributing our Tokens to protect your investment and leakers preselling tokens on before launch on unauthorized exchanges/markets.



Affiliate Program

XTRA will be offering a comprehensive affiliate program to promote the community promotion of XTRA Token and the BitcoinHomework platform:



2% commission 3% commission 4% commission



Non-Content Contributors Content Contributors Approved Crypto Entities referring traffic from their websites/platforms



17



18 - SOCIAL NETWORKS & COMMUNIT Y FEEDBACK

Social Networks

Stay Informed! We also we also welcome you to stay informed and follow us on:



Facebook Telegram Twitter Slack Medium BitcoinTalk



https://www.facebook.com/ExtraCredit.io http://www.t.me/ExtraCreditToken https://twitter.com/BitcoinHomework https://bitcoinhomework.slack.com/ https://medium.com/@BitcoinHomework https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?top=ic 2638162



Community Feedback

We thank you for your time in considering the ICO for "XTRA," Extra Credit. We love the crypto community and welcome all feedback and questions that you may have the aim to make the Extra Credit ICO a success and deliver cryptocurrency education around the world.



18



