CONFIDENTIAL

For a resilient economy

WHITEPAPER

DRAFT



"History in the making. For the first time the Clean-Tech industry adopts Blockchain technology to restore

a life balance on Earth by making a reality

the creation of ecological solutions which produce a circular economy with added monetized incentive"



WHITEPAPER



Abstract

NAN, "Nunc Aut Nunquam" (now or never) is our motto, "eco" stands for ecology, it`s our field and main objective; the sum of this two words is the name chosen for our tokens: eco-NAN. It refers to our business philosophy engaged in economic activities aimed at resolving environmental issues. We are conscious that in order to save our environment and prevent planet stress, it is necessary to implement profitable production systems based on waste recycling. Humanity has to realize that the salvation of life on the planet depends on its behavior and its sense of urgency. Now or never.

Synergie Group is made up of professionals and entrepreneurs involved in the implementation of industrial projects for the transformation and recycling of stainless steel EAF Dusts and other fine metal wastes. We rely on the use of the innovative Clean Tech technology applied to electric arc furnaces that ensures the total recovery of the metals contained therein in the form of ecoalloys reusable in the steel production process, without releasing toxic emissions into the atmosphere. Our goal is to implement and manage recycling facilities in steel mills and other metal industries, to become a global reference company for this kind of business involved in a process of green industrial metabolism.

Synergie Group plans to crowdfund the first project of its kind in Europe by issuing digital tokens, and becoming part of the ecosystem built from the ground up by the Waves platform.

The issuance of eco-NAN Tokens to crowdfund the first project will make Synergie Group stronger and more independent from multinationals in the metallurgical sector and traditional financial institutions. Thanks to the blockchain and the crowdfunding we will create a public consensus towards our eco-project, supporting a resilient economy for a resilient Planet.



nunc aut nunquam



3



WHITEPAPER



Index

Introduction - What is eco-NAN? - Features of eco-NAN - Placement of eco-NAN Tokens - Emission: technical aspects - Buyback program - eco-NAN distribution - Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Waves Repositories - eco-NAN Roadmap - Benefits of Waves Platform Blockchain - Future Impact of Synergie Group - The environmental problems related to EAF Dusts - Project description - Economics - Clean-Tech Recycling Center's Advantages - Strategic Advantages - Risk Prevention Strategy - Team - Progress Report - Terms of Service



nunc aut nunquam



4



WHITEPAPER



Introduction

The production of special steels usually takes place through a metal casting process in electric arc furnaces. During this process, smoke-dusts (EAF dusts) are generated and conveyed into special filters (bag-houses or sleeve filters). The bag house separates the solid components (dusts) from the gases that are ejected into the atmosphere. EAF dusts are a dangerous waste for the environment and health due to their high toxicity. Depending on the type of steel produced, EAF dusts assume different chemical characteristics. They can be divided into two macro categories: ferritic dusts, high concentration of zinc oxide, and austenitic dusts, low zinc oxide concentrations and high concentrations of nickel, manganese or chrome. Ferritic dusts are currently sent to specialized companies that recover all zinc oxide through the Waelz process (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Waelz_process), while the rest of the metals contained therein are disposed of in authorized landfills. After being subjected to a stabilization process (inertization), the austenitic dusts are generally transported to authorized landfills for their disposal. Only in some cases are recycled through a briquetting process which allows them to be fused so as to obtain an unconventional ferroalloy reused as a by-product for steel production. Nevertheless the high costs involved in this process limit its use. Each steel mill generates a quantity of dusts equivalent to 2% of the steel produced and is only recycled to a minimum, constituting a negative environmental impact and a significant cost for the steel mills.

Columbus Stainless Steel in South Africa was the first steel mill to successfully adopt Clean Tech technology applied to electric arc furnaces capable of recovering at least 97% of the metals present in the EAF dusts in the form of metal granules (eco-alloy), without the need for briquetting. By oxidation reduction, are transformed into an eco-alloy having similar characteristics to the steel from which they derive.



nunc aut nunquam



5



WHITEPAPER

The benefit of Clean Tech technology is to make recycling of EAF dusts a profitable business activity with a positive impact on the environment. Clean Tech technology applies to any kind of inorganic or metallic fine powder with industrial applications in various metallurgical sectors. Taking inspiration from the experience of Columbus Stainless Steel, Synergie Group aims to offer a solution to the problem of disposal of EAF dusts through the creation of recycling centers within steel companies producing special steels. Our first recycling and processing facilities will be funded through the crowdfunding period where investors can purchase eco-NAN tokens and will be implemented at the ____________ industrial site located in __________. As soon as the crowdfunding campaign ends we will immediately get to work in oder to make of this much needed solution a reality.



nunc aut nunquam



6



WHITEPAPER

What is eco-NAN?

eco-NAN: - eco: stands for ecology, green technology, because it represents 1kg of ecoalloy. - NAN: best describes our motto, which is the acronym for "Nunc Aut Nunquam", Latin for "Now or Never", and the name chosen for our token, because it expresses the need for immediate action. The eco-NAN Tokens will be issued to fund our first project in Europe: the creation, launch and management of a recycling center of EAF Dusts within the steel mill site ___________ a__________. The eco-NAN will be the first cryptocurrency whose value will be tied to that of ecological ferroalloys.



nunc aut nunquam



7



WHITEPAPER



Features of Eco-NAN



The eco-NAN token (ENAN) will be issued on the Waves Platform Blockchain. The ICO (Initial Coin Offering) will be launched on ________

ENAN tokens will be issued at the moment our crowdfunding compaign goes live.

50,000,000 issued starting from the crowdfunding closing date. The eco-NAN is a token which value is linked to the commodity produced which is known as "eco-alloy": 1 eco-NAN = USD 1.16 = minimum value of 1 Kg of eco-alloy. This feature makes it less vulnerable to the high volatility which characterizes the cryptocurrency market.



Breakdown of eco-NAN value



Eco-Alloy



ZnO

22,41%



Zn Ni

0,15% 2,41%



Cr

10,23%



$ 1.16

Estimate eco-NAN

value



Mn

2,71%

0,15% Mo



eco-NAN



METALS



61,95%

1Kg=1eco-NAN

Fe



Eco-alloy from EAF Dusts value:



t/m



$/t Minim.Price Sum Value in Kg.



Value/Kg.Minimum Value/Kg.



0,15% Zn 1



$ 0.00



$ 0.00



2,41% Ni 16



$ 8,573



$ 139.91



10,23% Cr 68



$ 1,860



$ 126.91



2,71% Mn 18



$ 1,545



$ 27.68



0,15% Mo 1



$ 12,000



$ 16.71



61,95% Fe 412 Tot. 516 $ 204



$ 84.27 Tot. $ 395.48 $ 0.77



22,41% ZnO 149 Tot. 149 $ 471



$ 70.12 Tot. $ 70.12 $ 0.14



$ 0.90



Actual Value of Metals in Kg Actual Value of ZnO in Kg.

Eco-alloy from EAF Dusts value:



$ 1.02



$ 0.14



$ 1.16 $ 1.16



8



WHITEPAPER

Placement of eco-NAN Tokens

Total eco-NAN emission (50,000,000 tokens) will be available at the moment our ICO is launched. The offer includes a discount for Pre-ICO buyers, announced on the Synergie Group web site, as follows: - 2,000,000 eco-NAN will be reserved for pre-ICO buyers

The eco-NAN Tokens will be available for purchasing on Waves platform in USD, EURO, ETH, BTC, LTC, WAVES, DASH, BCH, ETC, MONERO.

Eco-NAN cryptocurrency holders will have the right to convert eco-NAN into shares of our first recycling and processing facilities after a predetermined period of time which will be announced via all interactive channels. Synergie Group will allocate up to 40% of the recycling center company shares to investors. The minimum investment in shares will be set at $1000. The conditions for the conversion of eco-NAN into shares will be announced on Synergie Group's web site. This option will be subject to modification or complete omission according to laws and regulations effective at the scheduled time of availability.



nunc aut nunquam



9



WHITEPAPER



Buyback Program



eco-NAN emission: Price for pre-ICO investors: Price for ICO investors:



50,000,000 Tokens 0.24 USD 0.30 USD



Buyback: Repurchase value increse rate: Buyback begins: repurchase value month 14: repurchase value month 36:



4% month 14 months after ICO ends 0.47 USD 0.73 USD



1 ENAN will be redeemable for 1 Kg of eco-alloy which has an historical, up to date, market value of USD 1.16.



We plan to repurchase eco-NAN tokens for a value in USD.



nunc aut nunquam



10



WHITEPAPER

Exchange of eco-NAN for company shares After company audit, anyone may apply to exchange his/her eco-NAN token for shares in the Recycling Center company. The cost of shares will be determined by an independent audit. The minimum exchange amount is 1,000 USD. We will additionally reward our pre-ICO and top 10 Rich List investors by providing special terms to them should they decide to exercise this option. This option will be subject to modification or complete omission according to laws and regulations effective at the scheduled time of availability.



nunc aut nunquam



11



WHITEPAPER

Emission: Technical aspects

Token name: eco-NAN Number of tokens created: 50,000,000 Issued on: Waves Platform Date of issue: _________ Accepted: Waves, BTC, LTC, ETH, DASH, BCH, ETC, MONERO, USD, EUR Blockchain: Waves Platform Minimum purchase: USD 100 or equivalent



nunc aut nunquam



12



WHITEPAPER



Eco-NAN Distribution

Once the crowdfunding is over, the eco-NAN will be distributed as follows:



Crowdsale Participants:



38,000,000 eco-NAN (76%)



Pre-ICO buyer bonuses:



2,000,000 eco-NAN (4%)



Research and Development team: 3,000,000 eco-NAN (6%)



Project advisors:



500,000 eco-NAN (1%)



Marketing:



1,500,000 eco-NAN (3%)



promotion & advertising



events



social media marketing



media marketing



bounty



Synergie Group Buyback program: 5,000,000 eco-NAN (10%)



AIT* shares purchase



Unknown extras/contingencies



Buy back



*AIT is the company that own the IP of the Clean Tech process and that will produce the Clean Tech EA Furnaces.



nunc aut nunquam



13



WHITEPAPER

Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Waves Repositories

The bulk of the Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin and Waves will reside in an offline repository. Collected funds will then be exchanged into specific Cryptocurrencies for specific pourposes such as long term holding or to liquidate as necessary to fulfill each milestone. Funds from the cold storage will be transferred to the hot wallet following the approval of three Synergie Group Signatories as well as the approval of appointed Escrow. Release of funds will occur in batches and according to predetermined and conservative budgets taking into consideration all aspects involved in order to fulfill each milestone. We will open a "hot wallet", the account where crypto-currencies will be used for funding the launch of the project (e.g., capital and initial operating costs).



nunc aut nunquam



14



WHITEPAPER



Eco-NAN Roadmap



2010-2014

Clean-Tech Furnace tests starting: Middleburg (South Africa)

ENEXAL Project (Greece)

2016 - December Promotion to

stainless steel mills

2017 - January Starting

negotiation with ACRONI Steel Mill

(Slovenia)

2017 LOI with STEEL MILL

2017 Launch Pre-ICO

Environmental authorization

process



2015 End of ENEXAL Project

2016 - September Starting

Eco-alloys Project study

2017 - August Starting

eco-NAN Project

2017 - October Founding

Synergie Group

Launch ICO

Starting civil works



Launch New Project



First audit shares placement



15



WHITEPAPER

Benefits of Waves Platform Blockchain

The advantages of the platform are many but worth mentioning are the ones which stand out the most. At the forefront is the fact that its Lite Client Graphic User Interface is simple, easy to navigate and hosts a number of features which are essential to every kind for user, from the crypto uninitiated to the dedicated day trader or savvy investor. Additionally, within the Lite Client, we have the option to issue our own token, trade tokens in a decentralized manner (peer to peer trading while funds remain in your wallet) or lease $WAVES in order to gain rewards. Lastly, Waves platform is set to implemente Next Generation (Waves NG) protocol which will unlock is true its true potential and give rise to mass adoption. For these and many other reasons, we have selected Waves platform as our home.



nunc aut nunquam



16



WHITEPAPER

Future Impact of Synergie Group

Ambition without direction has proven to lead many astray. To guard against this outcome, our vision in Synergie Group is founded on the principle that we must strive to positively impact our environment in as many ways and as often as we possibly can. The 11th hour is upon us and while our undertaking with eco-NAN will help combat a deadly cycle our battle will not stop there. Our vision is clear and to fight the good battle we must expand our solution far and wide across the globe.



nunc aut nunquam



17



WHITEPAPER



The environmental

problems related to

EAF Dusts

The high presence of metals in the stainless steel EAF dusts make this byproduct a toxic waste. In fact, numerous studies have confirmed that prolonged exposure to such toxic dusts can cause respiratory illness, most of the time deadly. Once filtered in the bag-house (the best technology currently used for their abatement), EAF dusts are only partially recycled through the use of industrial-based process technologies that are unable to recover all the metals contained therein (method Waeltz) or that are not economically viable (briquetting and plasma furnaces). To dispose of EAF dusts, steel mills are obliged to buffer them before sending them to authorized dumps or using one of the above methods. None of these methods definitively resolves the environmental problems associated with this refusal, but they limit its impact, and are always a financial liability for steel mills. It is estimated that the cost of processing or disposing of EAF dusts is between 100 and 180 Euros per tonne. To better illustrate the problem generated by this waste, we quote the extract of an article published in the italian national newspaper La Stampa: "Powders (pm 10) are microscopic drops of chemical compounds that, when inhaled, induce respiratory, cardiovascular, carcinogenic and other, often lethal, diseases. Only in 2011 resulted in 430,000 early deaths in the EU, of which nearly 65,000 in Italy. Steel is the second largest source of dust in Europe (about 20,000 tonnes per year ***) after the energy sector (935,000 tonnes), out of a total of 990,000 tonnes issued by all European industry in 2013, according to data Of the EU Register of Pollutants. "

http://www.lastampa.it/2016/07/01/scienza/ambiente/il-caso/leuropa-dal-haautorizzato-le-acciaierie-a-risparmiare-sui-dispositivi-contro-le-polveri-sottili0YprogmxyoswaVgO3MKbfN/pagina.html



nunc aut nunquam



18



WHITEPAPER

*** This is only dust emitted in the atmosphere and untreated, produced by blast furnace and not by electric arc furnaces (EAF).

Powders generated by EAF have similar characteristics, if not worse than those generated by blast furnace.

Global steel and stainless steel production 2016: 1,600 million tons per year (https://www.worldsteel.org/media-center/press-releases/2017/world-steelin-figures-2017.html)

Pm10 (dusts) blast furnace and / or EAF production: Approx. 30 million tons per year

The Synergie Group's EAF Dust Treatment System, based on the use of Clean Tech technology, has the potential to become a reference for the adoption of new regulations concerning the protection of public health in the steel industry and to be recognized by the authorities as BAT* (Best Available Techniques) to solving the problem caused by this waste.

*The permit conditions including emission limit values must be based on the Best Available Techniques (BAT). In order to define BAT and the BATassociated environmental performance at EU level, the Commission organises an exchange of information with experts from Member States, industry and environmental organisations. This work is co-ordinated by the European IPPC Bureau of the Institute for Prospective Technology Studies at the EU Joint Research Centre in Seville (Spain). This process results in BAT Reference Documents (BREFs); the BAT conclusions contained are adopted by the Commission as Implementing Decisions. The IED requires that these BAT conclusions are the reference for setting permit conditions.



nunc aut nunquam



19



WHITEPAPER



Project description



Corporate structure: Synergie Group - Holding AIT Europe Engeneering - IP, Clean Tech patents and know-how - Furnace constructor - Synergie Project 1, 2, 3 ....



Toxic waste is our raw material: The metal casting process for steel production generates toxic EAF dusts, which are separated from gases into bag-house filters. EAF dusts are mostly disposed of in landfills. Only a small part is partially recycled in special centers at a very high cost.



Whit our Clean Tech process we convert this toxic waste back into a raw



material:



The Clean Tech process transforms EAF dusts into:



-



Unconventional ferro-alloy (eco-alloy) having the same characteristics



as the steel from which it derives;



-



Non-toxic dusts with a high concentration of Zinc Oxide;



-



Inert slag, raw material for the mineral wool industry, cement or usable



as a road surface



CLEAN-TECH technology: In 2009, Applied Industrial Technologies (AIT), a South African manufacturer of electric arc furnaces, has developed and introduced an innovative technology that allows direct fusion of metal fines. The technology has been found to apply in particular to the fusion of ferroalloys fines, EAF dusts and red mud generated by the reduction of alumina bauxite. (Link Video)



RST Special Metals, a South African company, was the first one to adopt the AIT Clean-Tech EA furnaces. Since 2010, RST has been engaged in the recycling of EAF Dust and melting of ferroalloys with this technology, within the Columbus Stainless Steel industrial area in South Africa.



nunc aut nunquam



20



WHITEPAPER



A Clean-Tech furnace was also successfully employed in the ENEXAL research project at ALSA (Aluminum of Greece), Greece, demonstrating that it could recover 99% of iron contained in red mud.

In the case of EAF dusts it is possible to recover more than 97% of the metals present in them as ferroalloys (eco-alloys), zinc oxide and an inert re-usable raw material (slag) for mineral wool production or other uses. 100% of EAF dusts can be transformed into raw materials that can be used in different industrial sectors.

Clean-Tech furnaces are small in size and can be installed inside steelworks eliminating transportation costs and additional handling costs for handling this hazardous waste. Their use means very low investment in comparison to the systems currently used for metal recovery in EAF dusts. Their use is also economically viable to recycle amounts of dust below 10,000 tonnes per year.

The Clean-Tech process does not produce any kind of waste and/or emissions of toxic agents into the atmosphere: Clean-Tech technology is applicable to a wide range of inorganic or metallic powders, including ferro-alloys fines. This raw material is generated by the production and transportation of ingots and/or ferro-alloys lumpy. It is a metallic fine (ferroalloy) that can be found on the market at discounted prices and is a good complement to the EAF Dusts recycling center, when the available quantities are not enough to fill the furnace's production capacity.

Technical Features of Clean-Tech Technology: Conventional electric arc furnaces can not smelt metal dust directly. In fact, when the dusts are loaded into these furnaces, the first contact with the high temperatures present produces evaporation. The metal dusts are immediately aspirated with the fume generated by melting and collected in sleeve filters, making it impossible to fall into the arc within the electrodes. In some cases, failure to control the furnace temperature and the simultaneous injection of



nunc aut nunquam



21



WHITEPAPER



dusts in some cases may cause explosions. The Clean Tech process is the result of two proprietary technological innovations:



1. A digital impedance regulator (RID): controls the electrical absorption of the furnace and determines the movement of the electrodes as a function of the injection of the dust inside it.



2. A thermodynamic model: calculates the "recipe" according to the type of material to be treated (reagents + powders), or generates a mass balance that calculates the "factor k" (workability index).



The latter is programmed into the RID. The solid material consisting of a mixture of reactants, such as carbon and fluidifying reagents (lime and silica sand), and metals dusts are loaded into the furnace through a conveyor located between the three electrodes, ending within the triangular area formed by the apices of the electrodes where the arc is formed and where the fusion occurs. The system efficiently monitors the electrical power and input of material, eliminating the risk of explosion.



Production capacity:



Steel mill Waste Inputs of Production Capacity CleanTech technology



EAF Dusts



approximately 13,500 T / year x3 8 hours shifts/day 27 days/month.



Ferroalloys fines



approximately 27,000 T / year x3 8 hours shifts/day 27 days/month.



nunc aut nunquam



22



WHITEPAPER



Roadmap for on site developments: Once the most suitable location has been found, we will proceed to apply for AUA (Single Environmental Authorization) and all subsequent building permits required to comply with the law.



Estimated time in the EU: 10-12 months.



During this idle window of time plenty of progress can be achieved with sourcing all other equipments which also take time to manufacture.



Plant commissioning: Full operation:



12-14 months 13-15 months



Exemple Gantt of Acroni Project (SLO): Installation of x2 3.5MVA EAF 2 phase



Project costs: The recycling center will be installed within the industrial area of the steel companies, which will make free use of land and utilities (electricity, water and gas), for a period of 10 years with a renewal clause to be exercised in agreement by both parties. In the event the contract is not renewed, the host steel industry will reimburse the value of fixed assets to the recycling center.



nunc aut nunquam



23



WHITEPAPER



The investment includes: Shed Civil works Technology Storage silos Internal handling equipment Analysis Center Administrative Offices

For a total estimate of: USD: 5,150,000 for the installation of x1 3.5MVA EAF Clean-Tech USD: 9,420,000 for the installation of x2 3.5 MVA EAF Clean-Tech

In the second case, due to the market price fluctuation or product availability and in order to guarantee a constant production, it is necessary to create also a stock of ferro-alloys fines (3,000 tons). The stock value should be of approximately USD 2,500,000.

Production process: The EAF dusts, collected in silos, are weighed and mixed with reagents according to a pre-calculated "recipe" from a thermodynamic model that ensures the highest result in terms of metal recovery. The mixture is transported by conveyor belts to the heart of the furnace. The charging system is automated and managed by PLC. The mixture precipitates within the 3 electrodes where the arc is formed and where the smelting occurs. A management software controls the amount of energy to be supplied to the furnace in order to avoid sublimation. The cast metals precipitate on the bottom of the furnace separating from the slag.

After the smelting cycle is completed, the contents of the furnace are unloaded, on one hand we obtain an inert slag, and on the other, a ferro-alloy (eco-alloy). The gases generated by the fusion of the mixture are conveyed into a sleeve filter, from which, in the case of EAF dusts, a high concentration of zinc oxide is obtained. The process does not produce wastes or emissions of toxic gases into the atmosphere.



nunc aut nunquam



24



WHITEPAPER



The slag can be used as a by-product in the mineral wool or cement industry. The dust rich in zinc oxide, filtered in the bag-house, is a product accepted by zinc refineries. The unconventional ferroalloys (eco-alloy) obtained from the process will be sold only to the hosting steel mill, while the conventional ferroalloy, obtained by the smelting of ferroalloys, can be sold to the hosting or others steel companies.



FLOWCHART



2

ZnO

BAG HOUSE



2.400 Tons/Year



REFINERY ZnO



EAF DUST

27.500 Tons/Year



REAGENTS

Silica Lime Coke Sand



PLC REGULATOR



WEIGHING MIXER FURNACE



1

ECOALLOY INGOTS



3

SLAG



LADLE



ROCKWOOL FIBER INDUSTRY



STEELMILL



10.800 Tons/Year



9.600 Tons/Year



nunc aut nunquam



25



WHITEPAPER



Economics

For reference we will cite the proposal presented to ACRONI steel mill of Jesenice (Slovenia) in October 2017 during final negotiating phase:



Investments*

Revenues Costs Gross Operative Margin



USD 9,420,000 Per Year USD 31,122,251 USD 26,128,160 USD 4,994,091



* Investments may vary according to definitive agreements with steel mills and variation of USD-EUR exchange value



nunc aut nunquam



26



WHITEPAPER



Clean-Tech Recycling Center's Advantages

A) Permanently and once and for all eradicate the toxic environmental impact caused by EAF Dusts. B) Transform toxic waste into a raw and valuable material in the most cost efficient, sustainable and reliable industrial process. C) Produce savings for steel mills as they eliminate costs for the disposal of EAF Dusts. D) Create employment (about 25 employees per furnace installed). E) Generate a circular economy: the eco-alloy is purchased by the steel mill hosting the recycling plant. F) Reduce the use of conventional mining and ferro-alloy production. G) Is an in-house process in a small facility as they are installed directly within the steelworks industrial area. H) They constitute a marketing lever for the steel mill that makes use of it. I) In order to produce 1 ton of eco-alloy the amount of energy consumed is less than the combined energy consumption of:

- producing 1 Ton of conventional ferro-alloy and transporting it. - EAF dust inertization and disposal. The positive energy consumption balance of the process can make the recycling center eligible for White Certificates titles (government subsidies). The Synergie Group Recycling Center has a captive market for his eco-alloy by means of agreement with the hosting steel mill. No marketing needed because it is a Circular Economy. This is why we rapidly reach our brake-even point and the return of investment.



nunc aut nunquam



27



WHITEPAPER



Strategic Advantages

A) Absence of Direct Competitors: the proposed recycling center is an innovative project. At present, there are no direct competitors on the worldwide market who can offer steel mills a similar or better solution (technology and operating method) both from the environmental and the economic point of view.

B) Circular Economy: the steel mill provides its EAF Dusts to the recycling center for free and undertakes to purchase the eco-alloy from the merger process at the LME price applied to the metals contained therein.

C) If the quantities of EAF Dusts were not sufficient to cover the production capacity of the installed furnaces, the steel mill would allow the recycling center to process ferroalloys fines from third parties.

D) Steel mills take advantage of special electrical supply contracts (for example: standard rate is Euro 0.12 / kWh but after subsidiaries the rate is Euro 0.045 / kWh normally paid by industries in other sectors in Italy), which will also benefit our recycling center. In fact the electrical bill is the greatest cost for this kind of industrial activity.

E) There is a reduced waiting time to obtain the Single Environmental Authorization (AUA) when the recycling center is installed in an approved industrial area. Authorities require only an extension of the AUA in possession of the host steel mill.

F) The recycling center has limited commercial costs because it creates a circular economy.

G) No transportation costs for the supply of the eco-alloy and/or the conventional ferro-alloy produced.

H) No investments for the purchase of industrial land and utilities connections (electricity, water, gas)



nunc aut nunquam



28



WHITEPAPER

I) Clean-Tech technology demands a lower investment in comparison to the systems currently in use for metal recovery of EAF dusts. J) Working product tested under real conditions.



nunc aut nunquam



29



WHITEPAPER

Risk Prevention Strategy

Bankruptcy or closure of the host steel mill



nunc aut nunquam



30



WHITEPAPER



Team

Jose Almeida:

Johannesburg SA - Metallurgical Engineer - Owner of AIT, manufacturer of EAF Clean Tech

Kevin Perry:

Lisbon (Portugal) - Metallurgical Engineer - Clean Tech technology developer. Has over 30 year experience leading research in the areas of metallurgy and thermodynamics. He has worked with prominent South African firms Mintek and JCI/Anglo Platinum. Dr. Perry earned his BSc in Chemical Engineering, an MSc in Extractive Metallurgy and finally a PhD in Pyrometallurgy, all from University of the Witwatersrand, South Africa

Tehunis Vermullen:

Midland SA - Technical Director of RST - SA, recycling company EAF Dusts - SA. Has gained 30 years of experience as an electrical engineer in South Africa and studied Mechanical Engineering at the University of Pretoria. He his the technical director of RST, a recycling center based on AIT Clean-Tech technology

Giuseppe Tassara:

Genoa IT - Founder Synergie Project - Economist and specialist in the field of financial analysis  C & O Pegaso Systems Srl - ENEXAL Consortium, Clean Tech advocate

Roberto Davico:

Fribourg CH - Founder Synergie Project - Consultant expert on international trade relations

Luca Davico:

Imperia IT - Founder Synergie Project - Marketing organization and management

Ettore Ettonti:

Milan IT  Economist, specialist on metals trading- Steelcom Srl owner - trading of steels and semi-finished stainless steel products

Juan Felipe Manzanares:

Imperia IT - System and procedure consultant



nunc aut nunquam



31



WHITEPAPER

Consultants Guillermo Manzanares:

Seattle USA - Advisor, Marketing and Community Manager

Escrow Oceanlab:

www.oceanlab.eu



nunc aut nunquam



32



WHITEPAPER

Progress Report

Synergie Group will provide live feed coverage from within the steel mill at the location where the recycling center will be built. Additionally, all social media channels will be kept abreast of all landmarks reached.



nunc aut nunquam



33



WHITEPAPER

Terms of Service

The eco-NAN crowdfund will take place on the Waves Platform during a period of 30 days or when all tokens are sold out, whichever comes first. To participate in the crowdfund simply click on "GET eco-NAN" as seen on the econan.io home page, there are illustred step-by-step instructions clearly guide you through the process to ensure your experience is as easy as possible. Please read the "Terms and Conditions" portion because it pertains to your eco-NAN purchase and has valuable information. Prior to participating in our ICO event, we will require an AML (Anti Money Laundering) form as well as a KYC (Know Your Client) form to ensure that we are doing our due diligence about who is participating in the ICO. Eco-NAN will adhere to all government laws and restrictions to individuals in every part of the world.



nunc aut nunquam



34



WHITEPAPER



Project: eco-NAN - for the construction of the first Stainless steel EAF Dust Recycling Center.

Date: September 2017

Copyright 2017 Synergie Group. All rights reserved.



nunc aut nunquam



35



"eco-NAN: The Synergie Group Token to develop Clean-Tech environmental

projects"



