The world's first cryptocurrency for charitable giving and good causes

White Paper - V1.3

Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



" The social feedback loop is about giving power

to those on the frontlines of our biggest global problems. I believe Giftcoin, by completing

the circle between giving and the spending of donations, has the potential to trigger a new and

much more effective wave of social giving. Jon Duschinsky

World renowned charity advisor, (including ALS's Ice Bucket Challenge)

" If you send money to a Third World state, a lot

of it sticks to the fingers of officials and ends up in their Swiss bank accounts. Giftcoin presents a revolutionary solution that guarantees the money

goes where it is intended. Shirley Conran OBE

Giftcoin advisor

" Giftcoin is a revolutionary concept of charitable

giving which shows the route from the pound to the project. This is exactly what the charitable sector needs in the C21st. An open, protected and satisfying digital method of giving. Lady Astor of Hever

Giftcoin advisor



Our vision is to create a world in which every time you give money to charity and good causes you can have total trust that your funds are going exactly where you want them to.

Partner Charities



Contents



Abstract



5



A revolution in charitable giving



6



How do charities currently receive money?



Feeless giving



Millennial giving



A revolution in building trust with donors



How Giftcoin works



8



End-to-end giving



Case study 1: Sponsoring a girl's education in India



The power of smart contracts



Case study 2: Building a well in Uganda



Technical specifications of Giftcoin



11



Helping donors to accumulate Giftcoin



13



How will the Giftcoin round-up app work?



The Giftcoin collection process



What is the potential?



The Giftcoin business plan



15



Roadmap



Use of proceeds



Feeless giving



The Giftcoin exchange



The token offering



18



Token Offering 1 - 20th March 2018



Token allocation



Criteria to participate



Who are we?



19



Abstract

Giftcoin is a groundbreaking new system designed to revolutionise charitable giving. With confidence in the charitable sector being seriously compromised, never has cultivating trust with donors been more important.

Our vision

Our vision is to create a world in which every time you give money to charity and good causes, you have total trust that your funds are going exactly where you want them to. By giving absolute trust and confidence, we believe donors will choose to give more money to the causes they care about. At a time in history of seemingly endless natural disasters, the refugee crises in the Middle East, and a greater divide between rich and poor than ever before, the need has never been greater for such a platform.

For donors

We give them absolute confidence that their funds are being used for the purpose they donated.

For good causes

We offer the chance to build trust and confidence via greater transparency, bringing them more money to increase their impact.

Giftcoin is more than just another alt cryptocurrency. Giftcoin has the potential to radically transform the general public's attitude not only to the process of giving, but towards the value of cryptocurrencies as a whole. We believe that Giftcoin is the crossover application of blockchain technology the world has been waiting for.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



5



A revolution in charitable giving



Giftcoin is about creating transparency and trust in the giving process. Right now, giving money to charity is a one-directional experience. You give money, and you hope it goes where you intended it. When you give with Giftcoin, you can have absolute confidence that your money is going exactly where you intended.



How charitable is the world?

Charitable donations are big business and we believe they could be bigger. Global total charitable donations are estimated to be in excess of $500 billion a year. In 2015 the US gave $373 billion (1), Australia AU$134 billion (2) and the UK 10 billion (3). Not-for-profits in the US have an annual income exceeding $2 trillion.

And, charitable giving is not just for the rich. Although high net worth donors in the US gave an average of $25,509 to charity in 2016, general population households still gave $2,520 (4). Charities also hold vast amounts in cash reserves, in 2015 the Salvation Army was holding $2.9 billion.

This is all well and good. But, we believe that with greater transparency, the amount of money donated to charities globally could increase dramatically. After all, when we know exactly what our funds are doing, it only makes sense that we would want to give more.



How do charities currently receive money?

Charities currently have limited options to receive funds. The majority of donations from fundraising campaigns are received using services such as Giving.com and Virgin Money. However, fees are high. Giving charges a 5% fee and Virgin Money a 2%

(1) https://givingusa.org/giving-usa-2016/ (2) http://www.csi.edu.au/media/Australian_Charities_Summary_Report_2015_links.pdf (3) https://www.cafonline.org/docs/default-source/about-us-publications/caf-uk-giving-web.pdf (4) https://www.nptrust.org/philanthropic-resources/charitable-giving-statistics



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



6



fee for processing funds, and this is before credit card fees of around 1.5%.

The only way that individuals can currently donate using cryptocurrency is by converting to Bitcoin and donating using a service such as Fidelity Charitable. This is inefficient and not easily scalable. Furthermore, services such as this do nothing to leverage the power of blockchain technology; and change attitudes to the experience of giving.



Feeless giving

Traditional giving platforms are expensive because they are inefficient. The power of the blockchain means that donations in Giftcoin, in addition to the revolution in the giving process that is offered, are also feeless. That means; that not only do you have confidence that every cent you give is going to the cause which you donated it to, but you are not wasting any fees in the process of giving.



Millennial giving

Millennials are the next generation of charitable donors, and their giving habits are fundamentally different to previous generations. 84% of millennials donate to charity, but 38% believe that only a small amount will go towards the actual cause (5). Addressing this fundamental lack of trust amongst millennials is crucial to driving deeper engagement. Indeed 60% of millennials said the ability to see the direct impact of their donation has a significant bearing on their decision to give. Giftcoin directly solves this problem.



A revolution in building trust with donors

Blockchain technology presents a revolution in the way that charities build trust and engagement with donors. By being able to track the impact of donations, donors are given total confidence that their funds are being used for the cause donated. Furthermore, each stage of the tracking process give charities a powerful opportunity to drive engagement by communicating the value of their work. These communications will foster a deeper relationship with the donor, whilst also providing social media assets the donor can share with their network, putting the charity in front of further future donors.



(5) http://www.themillennialimpact.com/



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



7



How Giftcoin works



The long-term vision of Giftcoin is end-to-end giving. That means, that using a distributed ledger and blockchains you will be able to track the path of the funds you donate to a charity or good cause right up to the point they are spent.



By using a cryptographically secure and tamperproof system which has full public accountability you have utter confidence in the system you are using.

Furthermore, by utilising a smart contract in the token, it is possible to release funds in stages only when projects reach key milestones. This means that if a project falters or fails, the funds not yet released can be returned to you as the donor to be donated to a new project.



End-to-end giving

End-to-end giving is a revolution in the charitable giving process that means you can track the path of your donation right up until the point it is spent. Here is how a distributed ledger and the blockchain makes it possible:



Donation is made in Giftcoin



A transaction is represented using blockchain technology



Recipient receives restricted funds in Giftcoin



Record of purchases is transmitted back through the blockchain showing exactly how

funds are spent



A block is then added to the chain providing an indelible and transparent record of the

transaction



Uses donation to pay for agreed goods and services



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



8



Here is an example of end-to-end giving in action...

Case study 1: Sponsoring a girl's education in India



Saloni is a bright little girl, but her family are poor and cannot afford the fees to send her to school. The Giftcoin community agree to support the family with the school fees and send donations in Giftcoin.

As the funds are specifically restricted to pay the local school fees, the community has complete confidence that donation is used as intended. Each



time the school fees are paid, the donors receive an alert, building their trust and engagement in the project.

In addition, the simplicity of the transaction and the absence of wire transfer fees ensure that Saloni's family can keep 100% of the donation to pay for her education.



The power of smart contracts

End-to-end giving is our long-term vision, and we recognise this will only be fully possible when those at the end of the value chain (such as workers on the ground, or suppliers providing resources) can be paid in Giftcoin. Although this is technically possible now, it requires greater adoption of cryptocurrencies which is still several years away.

Therefore, as a stepping stone towards the potential of end-to-end giving, we will begin by offering a system where projects are broken into milestones and funds are only released when projects reach these milestones.

This means that we can deliver an initial, working version of the system that delivers some core value and utilises the power of smart contracts as a stepping stone to our eventual vision.



Charity sets milestones for project



A donation is made in Giftcoin

Blockchain technology



Milestone is achieved



Donation for next milestone unlocked



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



9



Case study 2: Building a well in Uganda

Charity Water want to build a well in Uganda. Projects in Africa have attracted a lot of criticism over the years for money being lost in bribes and corruption. To engage donors and create total trust that funds are being used as promised, Charity Water breaks the project into the following milestones.

 Sourcing the land and purchasing equipment

 Digging the well

 Kitting out the well and handing over to the local community.

As the project reaches each milestone, an email is sent to the donors showing the work that has been done. An independent verifier authorises the milestone has been achieved; and triggers the smart contract to release the next stage of funds. This process is a powerful way for donors to stay connected to the project, and for charities to demonstrate the work they are doing. This ultimately inspires donors to want to give more in the future.



After the minimal viable product of Giftcoin has been built and tested, we will build out a full end-to-end giving platform. Phase 2 is all about integrations with other systems and growing the number of charities and projects who can use Giftcoin. By integrating with existing end-user systems in recipient countries, we believe we can support the mass adoption we are looking to create., examples include:

 Grameen lending and other finance solutions for the unbanked

 Open-source financial software (e.g. Apache Fineract)

 End-user software, such as apps for featurephones and low-end Android

 Other financial software and markets, to allow for more sophisticated contracts

 Charities back-end systems, to allow greater internal transparency

 Supplier-chain payment systems enabling "pay with Giftcoin" options



The developing world, where a considerable amount of charitable work is done, has particularly strong potential for a product such as this because the market has shown that new technical solutions can quickly gain market share due to the existing infrastructure being poor or incomplete. These legacy systems can be "leapfrogged" and new generations of infrastructure can be built, such as mobile payment systems that rely on mobile phones.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



10



Technical specifications of Giftcoin

The Giftcoin ledger will be publicly readable to encourage transparency and to provide a valuable resource for researchers, foundations, NGOs, governments and individuals to see precisely how the money is being used. We also believe that a large body of data showing the flow of funds will enable better policy-making and better use of charitable spend.



One important and non-obvious point is that for true endto-end verification in some of the use cases above, Giftcoin must work in a semi-offline mode. For example, confirmation of receipt of funds can be made cryptographically secure even in the absence of internet access (e.g. as a simple digital signature). These confirms can then be converted into onchain transactions when the payment agent returns to network coverage. As the agent typically has no access to the sending address this removes the possibility of double-spend at the recipient end.

It therefore seems likely that some sort of differentiated network topology may be required nodes on the Giftcoin network that are close to the edge may have limited bandwidth but be physically close to transactions occurring in recipient locations.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



11



Furthermore, if the blockchain is permissioned, there is no need for public mining and proof-of-work (PoW) is unnecessary. This is a very important point in relation to the central use case of Giftcoin. Some of the most important projects that could be funded using Giftcoin are based around decarbonisation of the developing world. The CO emissions of PoW algorithms are considerable and are not at all aligned with the aim of improving carbon efficiency for recipient communities. For this reason a permissioned (aka private) blockchain will be used.

The key features of Giftcoin are therefore:

 Permissioned ledger  No public mining or PoW  Adapted for networks that have very low

bandwidth at the edge  Heterogeneous ledger network not all nodes are

equal  Open ecosystem allow integrations and other

apps to be built on top



Of these, we feel that R3 Corda has the greatest potential to hit all (or the majority) of our technical requirements. It is designed for permissioned use, has both public ledger information and private facts; and is designed for financial use cases, including a good library of pre-existing financial contracts and other useful smart contract primitives. The code base is well written, is architected by a known blockchain expert (Mike Hearn, formerly Bitcoin lead developer) and should be straightforward to integrate with the other technologies needed for the Giftcoin platform. Our initial research will focus on R3 Corda, with a gap analysis investigating Ethereum as an alternative proceeding in parallel, with a final decision taken before MVP launch.



As the Giftcoin network has some novel features compared to current public blockchains and does not require the trustless features present in public blockchains, the network does not need to be an offthe-shelf blockchain or distributed ledger.

To confirm or rule out this possibility, we will baseline from an existing OSS ledger for our MVP, and research what extensions are necessary to support our needs. This research may indicate that a preexisting technology is able to achieve our use case goals.



Possible baseline technologies for research are:  R3 Corda  IBM Hyperledger  Ethereum



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



12



Helping donors to accumulate Giftcoin



Round-ups have become popular in investment products in recent years through apps such as Acorn. Day-to-day spending is rounded up to the nearest dollar and the funds accumulated are invested on behalf of the user.



Charities have been using a rudimentary version of this system at point-of-sale for a number of years, but in an inflexible system where they are making donations on spending at certain locations to a charity of the retailers choice. This is both inconsistent and impersonal. We believe that donors should be helped to support the causes they most care about.

The Giftcoin app will allow users to accumulate Giftcoin by rounding up their daily spending to the nearest dollar, and converting the difference into Giftcoin. By accumulating small amounts as part of daily life, the giving becomes an automated process.



Consider Joseph

Joseph is a graphic designer living in San Francisco. Joseph's aunt has recently been battling cancer and he wants to do something to help. Joseph registers with Giftcoin and so each time he makes a purchase the Giftcoin system rounds up his payments to the nearest dollar and converts the difference to Giftcoin.

At the end of each month, Joseph averages around $20 in Giftcoin. Joseph wants to keep things simple, so he sets his wallet to automatically donate his Giftcoin to Cancer Research at the end of each month. Thanks to the blockchain technology tracking the impact of his donations, Joseph receives regular updates from the charity which gives him a powerful sense of connection to Cancer Research and he also loves sharing the updates with his family and friends via social media as way of inspiring them to get involved. This all results in increased donations for Cancer Research.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



13



How will the Giftcoin round-up app work?

We believe that accumulating Giftcoin should be as simple as going about your daily life. This allows you to automatically support the causes you care about, or when something happens in the world that moves you, you already have the resources to have an impact.

Micropayments which happen in the background with no input required from the user, will allow you to accumulate Giftcoin. Having created some of the biggest apps on the App store and with decades of experience in technology and fintech, we are obsessed with creating products that are seamless and people love to use and we believe the Giftcoin round up will be a key way to get people automatically accumulating the currency.



The Giftcoin collection process

The process of collecting and donating Giftcoin goes like this:



$

+.35



Step 1: Setup

In a series of simple steps the user downloads their secure wallet and links it to their bank account. They then set a maximum amount per month of Giftcoin they would like to purchase to avoid any surprises.

Step 2: Spend

Each time the user makes purchases, their Giftcoin wallet rounds up to the nearest dollar and converts the difference to Giftcoin which is stored in the users wallet.

Step 3: Donate

As Giftcoin accumulates in the users wallet, they have three options. They can automate the wallet to donate to their selected cause(s) each month, they can manually donate to different causes as they wish, or they can accumulate Giftcoin to use in the future.



What is the potential?

Small change really can make a huge difference. $0.25 here $0.75 there it all adds up and before you know it you've got a good chunk of small change a month. Put another way, spare change can create a big impact. Just as it is important to having savings for a rainy day, we believe we should have Giftcoin ready to support the causes that matter to us when they most need us.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



14



The Giftcoin business plan...

Roadmap 1: We are preparing for a big day when you will be able to participate in our cause. Giftcoin will start selling on 20th March to sophisticated and high networth investors.



March 2018

1. First token event

We are preparing for a big day when you will be able to participate in our cause. Giftcoin will start selling on 20th of March 2018, at 9:30 EST. We hope you can join us!

September 2018

3. Beta version release

We plan to start the second Giftcoin token sale, with a fully functional product.



July 2018

2. MVP release

Our MVP will meet all the core requirements for the platform to exercise its purpose. We hope to have the first batch of charity organisations to choose from and a fully operational currency.

October 2018

4. Final product rollout

The full, all guns blazing rollout of Giftcoin is planned as THE charitable and good causes currency. It's time to small change the world!



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



15



The Giftcoin vision is to offer a feeless system for end-to-end giving. This means that all funds that exist within the Giftcoin system can move without any fees. To ensure a viable business model for the long-term and to make sure the platform can sustain beyond the planned token offerings, a small charge (anticipated to be 1%) will be levied for exchanging fiat into Giftcoin and vice versa. This will also incentivise users to keep funds within the Giftcoin system.

For charities concerned about the volatility of Giftcoin and the risk this might present to funding pre-committed projects, an additional feature will be offered (for an anticipated fee of 1%) to exchange Giftcoin for a fiat token which maintains the integrity of the smart contract but pegged to the dollar.



Use of proceeds

Proceeds from Token Offering 1 will be primarily invested in development of the tech platform. Additional funds will also be used to establish the foundations of the core business, which will include investing in relationships with charitable partners for testing of the platform. The anticipated breakdown is as follows:

 47% tech development

 5% overheads

 29% PR, marketing and sales

 12% legal and accounting

 7% admin



12% Legal and accounting 7% Admin

5% Overheads



47% Tech development



29% PR, marketing and sales



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



16



Percentage of charitable donations in Giftcoin

0.001% 0.01% 0.1% 1%



1% annual commission to Giftcoin

$25 million $250 million $2.5 billion $25 billion



These figures are based only on funds coming into Giftcoin. Obviously funds coming out of the system will increase this revenue further. We believe having a robust business model such as this is important for market confidence in the longevity of the Giftcoin project.



Feeless giving

It is anticipated that with a small fee on conversions into and out of Giftcoin significant funds can be generated to support the continued development and support of Giftcoin. With charitable donations being around $500 billion a year, and not-for-profit revenue in the US alone being calculated at $2 trillion, a 1% fee levied on transactions into Giftcoin has the potential to generate considerable revenue.

The Giftcoin exchange

In addition to building the technology and platform that underpins Giftcoin, Giftcoin will act as an exchange to provide liquidity in the market. The reserves used to support the exchange will be owned and held by The Giftcoin Foundation, an independent entity which will have its own independent oversight committee. Any movements of funds between the Foundation and the exchange will be handled via the blockchain and be transparent on the public ledger. This will be to ensure there is no risk of Gift Coin Limited manipulating the currency.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



17



The token offering



The first Giftcoin token offering is taking place in March 2018 with the aim of raising between $2.5 million and $10 million. These funds will be used to develop an MVP and run initial tests of the platform with selected charitable partners. This first token offering will be limited to sophisticated and high net-worth investors.

A second token offering will be delivered in October 2018 to support a global role out of Giftcoin and will be open to all the general public.

Token Offering 1 - 20th March 2018

1 billion tokens of Giftcoin will be minted. The hard cap for Token Offering 1 is to sell 10% of the tokens (100 million tokens) at a price of $0.10 a token. If a minimum raise of $2.5 million is not achieved all funds will be returned to participants.

An incentive schedule will be offered to support Token Offering 1 with the following discounts:

 50% in the pre-sale

 25% first 24 hours

 15% first week

 5% second week

 10% bonus are available for advanced whitelisting for the public sale.

The token on sale at ICO 1 will be a placeholder token that will be exchanged for Giftcoin. This exchange will need to be done before the token can be sold on an exchange, which we anticipate being possible very soon after ICO 2 in October 2018.



Token allocation

 Token Offering 1: 10%  Token Offering 2: 35%  Giftcoin Foundation reserves: 25%  Founders and team: 15%  Undefined: 15%  Undefined tokens will be retained for

distribution for community initiatives, business development, academic research, education and market expansion. Founder coins will have a one year lock-in and vest for a further five years allowing founders to sell no more than 20% of their allocation each year.

Certify as a sophisticated investor or high net-worth individual

To participate in Token Offering 1 you need to selfcertify as a sophisticated investor as well as pass KYC (Know Your Customer) and Anti Money Laundering (AML) checks. If you do not meet these criteria you will be unable to participate at this time. For investments greater than $10k additional checks may be carried out.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



18



Who are we?

Giftcoin is led by a team of seasoned entrepreneurs, advised and supported by titans of the charitable not-for-profit sector along with seasoned investors and experts in blockchain.

Founders

Alex Howard

Alex is a serial entrepreneur. In 2004 he founded The Optimum Health Clinic, one of the world leading integrative medicine clinics with patients in 40 countries; and now run as a UK charity. More recently he founded online self-development platform Conscious Life which has produced programs with world-leading teachers such as Byron Katie, Ken Wilber and Marianne Williamson. Alex has also written several books; and published academic papers in journals such as British Medical Journal and Psychology Health. He has won a number of awards and was recently recognised by the UK Parliamentary Review.

Tim Bichara

Tim is an serial entrepreneur and technologist with over 20 years experience in technology. Actively involved in the London startup scene for a number of years he has launched several technology businesses and brought a number of successful technology products to market. He was the co-founder of fintech start up Q App (acquired by Yoyo wallet in 2016), as well as award-winning product consultancy Nimble Mobile. His awards include Times 2015 top 10 disrupters to watch, Startups 100 two years running and two interactive BAFTAs.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



19



Jonathan Beddoes

Jonathan began his entrepreneurial career at school aged 17 when he founded a web-hosting company which sold within its first year of trading. Whilst at university Jonathan co-developed a popular music software application that was downloaded by over 30 million people. In 2008, Jonathan joined Zugo, a leading search solutions platform and aggregator, which became a cornerstone of distribution for major search engines (most notably Microsoft Bing). In 2014, he co-founded Safer Technologies (a security software company) which was acquired by Avast Software in March 2017.

Chris Cain

Christopher is a systems analyst, IT consultant, an entrepreneur. Since 2004, he has been a specialist in the design and implementation of decentralised peer-to-peer networks and technology. He consults on projects involving peer-to-peer blockchain platforms in the cryptocurrency and digital asset space.

Ben Evans

Ben was previously at Morgan Stanley, where he was chief performance engineer for the Google IPO in 2004. Subsequently he was the lead architect at Deutsche Bank (listed derivatives) before becoming the co-founder and CEO at JClarity. A blockchain enthusiast for many years, Ben is heavily involved in the Java community and has written several books on Java Development. Ben has a MA in Maths from Cambridge University.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



20



Charity advisors

Jon Duschinsky

Charity advisor and co-creator of the ALS Ice Bucket Challenge Jon Duschinsky is one of the world's leading social innovators and entrepreneurs. Recently voted the world's second most influential communicator in social innovation (second only to Bill Clinton), he has shared speaking platforms with leaders such as Mikhail Gorbachev, Kofi Annan & Steve Wozniak. Duschinsky is the author of two books, "Philanthropy in a Flat World" (2008) and "(me)volution" (2012).

Lady Astor of Hever

Author and charity advisor Lady Astor of Hever has been fundraising for charity for twenty years and is patron of several charities both local and national. Her main focus is the National Autistic Society of which she is a vice president and for which she has raised over 250,000 to date.

Shirley Conran OBE

Author and charity advisor Previously the women's editor of the Daily Mail and The Observer, Shirley Conran is an international best-selling author of books such as Superwoman, Savages and Lace. Shirley has been heavily involved in charitable work for the last thirty years, including being founder of The Work Life Balance Trust, which was responsible for introducing the concept of flexi-hours into the UK workplace. At its peak 3 million people were participating in The Work Life Balance Trust's campaigns and Shirley Conran was awarded an OBE in the UK honours for her contribution to equality. More recently she founded the educational non-profit Maths Action.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



21



Blockchain advisors

Marc Avedissian

Blockchain entrepreneur Previously a quant at Deutsche Bank, Marc was a co-founder of blockchain start up Tramonex and more recently founded fiat token Altalix where he tested payments to charities via smart contracts under the supervision of the FCA.

Legal and compliance advisors

Calum McWhir

Fintech compliance advisor at Thistle Thistle Initiatives are specialist consultants providing businesses operating in the financial services, insurance and energy sectors, the expert advice and support they need for all their FCA Regulatory Requirements.

Eitan Jankelewitz

Partner Sheridans Eitan is an intellectual property lawyer specialising in digital media and interactive entertainment, with a particular focus on performance marketing and bitcoin. He recently advised on the $30M Funfair ICO.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



22



Press and Pr Advisors

Tom Fry

Managing director, Brightbee Tom is a technologist and a communications expert. A graduate in Computer Science from Cambridge University, Tom first worked in financial technology, before turning to the communications profession and co-founding Bright Bee Communications in 2011. Tom specialises in advising highgrowth blockchain start-ups on their public relations strategy.

Bridget Greenwood

Head of communications Starting as an Independent Financial Adviser, Bridget pivoted her career to emerge as a pioneer in financial services social media. A founding director of Financial Social Media UK, Bridget has attracted multiple industry awards. More recently she has been working with several blockchain companies.



Investors



Mark Hirschfield

Entrepreneur and Investor

Internet lawyer turned entrepreneur founding, invested and advised on several start ups most notably Zugo which sold in 2012, Copypress, Faceit, Conscious Life, Techtopia and Lifecake (recently acquired by Canon). Mark has been one of the early mentors at Techstars and an early investor and adaptor of Bitcoin & Ethereum.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



23



Kristopher B. Jones

Entrepreneur and Investor Founder of Pepperjam (sold to eBay in 2009), founder of angel fund KBJ Capital, best-selling author, and featured on Planet of the Apps.

Simon Squibb

Entrepreneur and Investor Entrepreneur and angel investor with over 20 years experience. Built one of the top 5 creatives x data agencies in Asia called Fluid which he sold in 2016 to PwC. Founder & Chairman of Nest.

PSG Capital

Established in July 2016, PSG Capital is an investment firm based in London and New York, operating investment management and advisory services across public markets and principal finance. PSG is led by Paul Salama-Caro and Simon Goodman and now has 15 employees across its two offices, backed by a small number of large family offices based in the UK, USA and Switzerland, as well as its Partners. PSG Capital has extensive experience in the crypto currency and blockchain arena, both in advisory and principle investment arenas and has worked on multiple successful ICO's to date.



Copyright  2017 Gift Coin Limited



For more information on Giftcoin or the Gifcoin token sale please get in touch at contact@giftcoin.org

24



