Gig Economy White Paper.

BY

Gig Economy Coin

April 20 2017



Table of Contents



Advance Gig Booking Platform GiGeCoin and Terminals For Freelancers and Service Delivery Commerce



Introduction



3



Problem Statement



4



Proposed Solution



5



Gig Economy: How it Works for Everyone



5



What about the workers



6



GigECoin



8



What Are Blockchains



8



What Is a GigeCoin in Crypto currency



10



What Is Ethereum?



11



Why Choosing GigECoin as your Payment Platform is the best option



12



Why Use GigECoin Platform?



13



Motivation Behind the Creation of the GigECoin Platform



14



Token Distribution



15



Pre-ICO



17



ICO



17



Road Map



17



Conclusion



18



2



1. INTRODUCTION

WE ARE THE DISRUPTIVE DIGITALISED COMPANY IN THE FREELANCING MULTIBILLION DOLLAR MARKET OPPORTUNITY

The GigEcoin By Py-

Is a public ethereum-based Gig economy booking platform and cryptocoin financial technology company in ICO. It is an online environment in which temporary positions and job openings are commonly placed for individuals and organizations to contract with independent workers for short-term engagements. The gig economy platform provides work environment without the inspections and legal oversight that is attributed to all traditional freelance industries.

US Freelance Statistics

Main statistics from a comprehensive survey of the U.S independent workforce covering nearly a decade are stated below:

There are 53 million people doing freelance work in the US i.e approximately 34% of the national workforce People who freelance contribute an estimated $715 billion in freelance earnings to the US economy Twice as many freelancers have seen an increase in demand in the past year as against those that have seen a decrease  32% experienced an increase versus 15% who have seen a decrease 80% of non-freelancers say they would be willing to do work outside their primary job to make more money Earning extra money (but not financial necessity) and schedule flexibility are the top drivers of freelancing Finding work and a corresponding income stability are the top barriers to doing more freelancing work 69% of freelancers said technology has made it easier to find freelance work 77% of freelancers say the best days are yet ahead for freelancing 65% said freelancing as a career path is more respected today than it was three years ago 36% of moonlighters who have a primary job have thought about quitting to work completely independently

3



UK Freelance Statistics

In the UK, the Professional Contractors Group estimates that:

There are approximately 1.4 million British freelancers working across all sectors

This has grown 14% in the past decade.

The flexibility offered by Britain's freelancers is worth 21 billion to the UK economy in added value

78% of the UK public thinks that freelancing and flexible working help promote a good work/life balance

72% think freelancing has a positive effect on family life

Why GiGeCoin and booking platform? - We cover crypto currency coins including BTC and ETH service. Since 2016 we have been building a blockchain system that would be available to freelancers across the globe, in order to be able to instantly receive booked work accepts and send payments using our service platform as an option.

Crypto currencies and freelancing are gaining ground globally; we all know how safe fiat transactions are. In the crypto world many currencies lack security and fraud is on the rise, this is where GiGeCoin the base of freelance cryptocurrencies unites with BTB and online payment solution for merchants to accept GiGeCoin and enable them to use as an option to safeguard users online. We have built this system in block chain technology and it has under gone a series of testing, analysing, thinking and brainstorming. We are now bringing the crypto world to you with ease.

2. Problem Statement

Decentralized crypto-economy is a new paradigm that rapidly changes the world financial system with value growth.

LONDON as it is. -- Britain's economy is in the midst of a troubling conundrum.

Unemployment is close to record lows (4.7% at the latest reading), and employment is close to record highs (74.6%).However, wage growth is simply not picking up. UK Data.

4.7% unemployment in an economy like the UK's would be considered by many economists to be pretty close to full employment -- the point at which everyone who wants a job has a job.

If the economy was working as theory suggests it should mean employees would be pushing their bosses for higher pay. Essentially when the jobs market is booming, workers know that they can move to another job if they are unable to get a raise at their current place of work.

However, average earnings grew just 2.2% in the three months up to February, compared to the same three months a year before. Accounting for inflation -- which came in at 2.3% at the latest reading -- real wage growth is actually falling in the UK for the first time since 2014. This means that the average Brit is getting poorer. Any way you look at that, it does not make happy reading. This is the same around the world.

4



3. PROPOSED SOLUTION

We looked at the above problems and came up with a system to handle them. It's called GigECoin. The essence of the GigECoin project is to build a network centralised booking platform with its own coin and virtual terminals with zero transaction costs and a capacity to immediately exchange for fiat money and the same around to crypto. This will help to create conditions to use crypto currency for payments.

The main advantages of GigECoin platform and terminal are:

Decentralization: Introduction of the advance booking platform with a crypto payment processor whereby payments are made directly from the buyer to the seller without any kind of transaction fee.

Easy installation: The terminal is an application that can be installed on any device and does not require special knowledge.

User-friendliness and friendly interface: The process of adding an order for payment, billing and payment confirmation occurs in a few clicks. Crypto Currency: A trade able coin with a growth higher value for extra income where there is no sick pay or holiday pay. Access Debit Card with an overdraft incentive subject to status

4. Gig Economy: How it Works for Everyone?

Our Gig economy platform with blockchain technology facilitates majorly advanced bookings in a blockchain mining order - adding up 51% of advance work booked to users as mining work time. This is first served before any other work is allowed for other real time bookings.

Hence for example if A starts work @ 7pm and wishes to finish @ 5pm that's 10hrs of work mining (A) having logged in available working hours will on the day via GiGeCoin platform receive the first 51% of mining work which will deliver jobs in priority order.

Mining ends at the end of first 51% time of working day. In real time all payments are processed into (A) GiGeCoin account accordingly to end of blockchain mining Order available for drawdown or save to account.

This could or may have been payable by GiGeCoin other crypto currencies or Plastic Payment visa or Mastercard directly to (A) using the GiGeCoin Economy Terminal By Pay.

After the Block chain of 51% mining hours is over (A) can then take up work from any other entities offering work. Example Uber, Deliveroo TaskRabbit etc.

Coins mined in the first 51% of mining hour can be traded @ higher value profit, stored or cashed out with no processing fees

5



Insights from the past

A long time ago, in a coffee shop far away... probably in Seattle or California, some ambitious geeks came up with a Utopian vision. The Internet should bring people together. Those who have the same interests and desires should meet. The first manifestation of this vision was the sharing economy. Google helped everyone to share information, Facebook helped you to share your life, E-bay helped you to get rid of your junk and buy other people's junk. The boundaries that demarcated different laws and customs did not matter, as much as sticking to Google's corporate code: "Don't be evil. As always happens, the successful counter culture then blended into the corporate world. Over time the sharing economy mutated into the platform economy. Like the sharing economy, the platform economy is all about connecting people who want with people who can - with little regard for other boundaries. But instead of sharing information or swapping junk the platform economy is about buying and selling human services. You can only be a successful platform if you are THE SUCCESSFUL PLATFORM. All that matters most is that you are there first. This creates a self-fulfilling cycle of success. It also gives monopolistic powers to the winning platform. Regulations are boring. Laws slow you down. The only business strategy that makes sense for platforms is to become big and then work backwards to being legal.

5. What about the workers?

We as a society have decided that the world of work is too important not to be governed by law. So many of us spend so much time at work -such that our working lives have a really big impact on everything else. There have always been, and still is, a power imbalance between the resources and organisations that have compared to what individual workers can do on their own. Regulations are important. The law makes our society work better. So the question is how do we achieve the best working practices in the modern workplace?

A key factor in creating a high value and high skilled economy is to have a solid employment law framework. The Law Society believes this is achieved by:

everyone having a good understanding of employment rights, a strong enforcement system, and Information on employment practices being freely available.

6

6



There is an urgent need to reform how employment status is defined and attempt to create clearer definitions for the statuses of employee, worker and self-employed. The Director of Labour Market Enforcement and the Gang master and Labour Abuse Authority should be given powers to ensure that the labour market remains fair - including the power to conduct inquiries into sectors and investigations of individual organisations. Businesses are encouraged to be transparent about their employment practices, to help improve best practice.

Working in the gig economy, whether it be navigating urban streets to deliver a package or waiting to find out what task will come your way next, is often an enjoyable thrill or a convenient choice. The Office for National Statistics estimates that only 30% of temporary employees are in insecure work because they can't find a permanent job. But at the same time many gig economy workers are also concerned about the rights they are given. The CIPD recently found that only 13% of gig economy workers said that having fewer rights and benefits is a fair deal in exchange for the independence they got.

The challenge for Matthew Taylor's review into employment practices in the modern economy, for the government, and for platforms themselves - is to harness gig economy workers desire for flexibility and for security and satisfaction. We at the Law Society believe that making employment law clearer & employment rights quicker and easier to uphold will help to achieve the best possible workplace in the modern economy.

Now that we have an idea of what the gig economy is, it's time to introduce what our service is bringing to the table.

7



5. GigECoin

The GigEcoin is a payment crypto currency which individuals and businesses can adopt to process payments for goods and services using its blockchain ledger. GigEcoin by Py electronic payment terminal & GigEcoin service connects the freelancer with available jobs to form a whole new global sector with its 2020 vision of becoming the world's freelancer single currency and probably paymaster. The platforms main feature is its advance booking service- its ability to pick up jobs for freelancers awaiting PING, then issue work contract add to 'Favourites', process the payment for their services instantly and save the transaction for the future call, all within the same platform.

Our service also operates in the B2C and B2B segments. GigECoin leverages on the block chain technology to make all these possible. In order to get a full grasp of what its service is, it's better to get the knowledge of what block chains are, what Ethereum is, as well as cryptocurrencies.

6. What Are Blockchains?

The blockchain is an undeniably ingenious invention  the brainchild of a person or group of people known by the pseudonym, Satoshi Nakamoto. But since then, it has evolved into something greater, and the main question every single person is asking is: What is Blockchain?

................................................................................................................................................................................................................

By allowing digital information to be distributed but not copied, blockchain technology created the backbone of a new type of internet. Originally devised for the digital currency, Bitcoin, the tech community is now finding other potential uses for the technology.

................................................................................................................................................................................................................

Bitcoin has been called digital gold, and for a good reason. To date, the total value of the currency is close to $9 billion US. And blockchains can make other types of digital value. Like the internet (or your car), you don't need to know how the blockchain works to use it. However, having a basic knowledge of this new technology shows why it's considered revolutionary. So, we hope you enjoy this Blockchain guide.

8



The Gig Economy advance booking platform and coin blockchains are at the broadest level, we advance a network of databases spread across multiple entities that are kept in sync, where there is no single owner or controller of the data. The databases tend to be appending only, it is written at booking to dispatch to payment its historical data can't be altered without broad agreement from the participants of the network. This means that our user and system administrator are one entity and can't alter data held on a blockchain without agreement from the historical while multiple parties need to rely on the same data.We have used golden sources data, held and controlled by trusted parties. A classic example is the use of a clearing house that is a golden source of data about a trade between two entities. Block chains can empower groups of parties to agree on events without needing the third party, such is the promise of this new technology

9



Gig Economy Coin and Booking Platform Block chain is a distributed database, which utilizes bookings before its digital ledger technology which stores bookings pay transaction records and shares them among a distributed network of computers. No central authority in this system is needed. The block chain maintains a continuouslygrowing list of records (blocks), each containing a timestamp and a link to the previous one.

7. What Is GiGecoin in Crypto currency?

A crypto currency in this case GiGeCoin is a digital currency with operates independently of any central bank, mint, government or organization. There are many advantages to this  it means that the currency cannot be manipulated by people that you do not trust  for example with fiat currencies like the Pound, Dollar or Euro, any time a government chooses to do so, they can change how much the currency is worth  either directly, or by methods like quantitative easing, which reduces debt for the country but badly affects average citizens.

Another advantage is that transactions do not need a middleman to approve them, you own your own virtual wallet and act as your own bank  reducing times, fees, and eliminating the possibility of an organization deciding to not give you access to your own money. We introduce the Gig Economy Coin GiGeCoin-

This image below, from a great article by Block Geeks, demonstrates how a smart contract works and how GigeCoin works in practice on the platform. The gig contract functions like a mini program and the code in the contract releases coin automatically as certain conditions are met.

10



8. What Is Ethereum?

Ethereum is an open source, decentralized computing platform, with smart contracts. Many believe that it will replace the current financial and even internet systems. It is often called the World's Computer. The crypto currency Ether (ETH) is used both for payments on the network, and as a store of value, similar to Bitcoin, but with several major advantages  it's much faster and transaction fees are significantly less. Major companies in the financial sector(Santander, JPMorgan, ING), tech sector(Microsoft, Intel, Samsung) and other industries(BP, Toyota) are investing in the system and even governments of entire countries are on board. With the very big rise of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology, new opportunities are arising in the field of investment. Crypto markets are borderless, open 24/7, and offer huge potentials for growth. The rapid growth of initial coin offerings (ICO) has led to more than 1000 new crypto currencies being created, which are traded on daily basis. And they do provide amazing returns.

11



In order to realize full market potential, let's have a look at market caps of top technology-based companies listed on Nasdaq and NY stock exchanges:

Alphabet  650 Bln USD Microsoft  566 Bln USD Facebook  495 Bln USD Alibaba  437 Bln USD

Combined market capitalization of all crypto currencies together is currently around 150 billion USD only, which leaves lots of room for expansion. As a traditional type of economy, reshaping its form of money flowing into crypto currencies either for the speculative purposes of gaining capital profit or by supporting projects that are built on decentralized platforms. Such trend is widely expected to continue.

Triple digit growth, amazing risk-reward ratios, and promising global perspectives are only a few reasons why cryptocurrencies shouldn't be overlooked by any investor who's willing to diversify his/her portfolio and profit from opportunities offered by a booming market.

9. Why Choosing GigECoin as your Payment Platform is the best option

In order to know the best payment platform out there, the following factors must be considered. We have been able to channel the functioning procedures of GigECoin based on these factors:

Currency coverage: Which currencies your platform covers determines your reach and scope of doing business. People are most comfortable thinking about a purchase in terms of their own currency. With GigECoin, you wouldn't want to bother about the exchange rate and the actual cost of the payment you are about to do in another currency.

Fraud Checking is also an important aspect of which payment platform you choose: Many providers offer multiple layers of verification and checking. We can either send a One-Time Password to the mobile phone of the customer or have an automated IVRS Phone Call which verifies the Phone Number of the Client. Either way, fraud checking is our

12



responsibility. You should be free to concentrate on your gigs and not have to bother about a payment being disputed.

How much commission will they take? Commission and fees are an important point to ponder over before choosing a payment gateway. We are glad to inform you that with GigECoin, you won't be charged any fee for the transactions you're making. How's that possible? Well, since we leverage on block chain, this makes it possible to achieve the no fee option.

10. WHY USE GIGECOIN PLATFORM?

Since GigECoin platform makes use of the block chain technology, it means it fully adopts all the benefits that come with the technology. These include:

Prevention of Fraud: Cryptocurrencies are digital and can't be forged or turned around subjectively by the sender, as with credit card charge-backs.

Prevention of Identity Theft: When you give your credit card to a vendor, you give him or her access to your full credit line, regardless of the possibility that the transaction is for a little sum. Credit cards work on a "force" premise, where the store starts the payment and pulls the assigned sum from your record. Cryptocurrency utilize a "push" component that enables the crypto currency holder to send precisely what he or she needs to the vendor or beneficiary with no additional data

Immediate Settlement: Purchasing genuine property normally includes various outsiders (Lawyers, Notary), postponements, and payment of fees. From multiple points of view, the bitcoin/cryptocurrency blockchain resembles a "substantial property rights database," says Gallippi. Bitcoin contracts can be composed and upheld to dispose of or include outsider approvals, reference outer actualities, or be finished at a future date or time for a small amount of the cost and time required to finish conventional asset transfers.

Access to Everyone: There are approximately 2.2 billion people with access to the Internet or mobile phones who don't as of now approach conventional exchange systems. These people are prepared for the Crypto currency market. Kenya's M-PESA system, a mobile phone-based money transfer and micros financing administration as of late declared a bitcoin device, with one of every three Kenyans now owning a bitcoin wallet.

Lower Fees: There aren't normally transaction fees for crypto currency exchanges in light of the fact that the mine workers are remunerated by the network (Side note: This is the situation for the present). Despite the fact that there's no bitcoin/crypto currency transaction fee, many expect that most clients will draw in an outsider administration, for example, Coinbase, making and keeping up their own bitcoin wallets. These services behave like PayPal improves the situation money or credit card clients, giving the online exchange system to bitcoin, and all things considered, they're probably going to charge fees. It's fascinating to take note of that PayPal does not acknowledge or transfer bitcoins.

13



SCALEABLE

11. MOTIVATION BEHIND THE CREATION OF THE GIGECOIN PLMATFO

7 years after the creation of Bitcoin, one of the best investigations to date, we have seen the rise of another industry. Ethereum has included a Turing-finish layer in with the general mesh-mash, and expanded the skyline of what is conceivable by a request of greatness. This thusly has encouraged the creation of another synergistic ecosystem, one that guarantees to topple business as usual. Throughout the years, various endeavours have been made to convey crypto currency to the majority; yet, selection is still moderate and bulky. These companies and undertakings have neglected to distinguish and address the principle issues witnessed in making mass appropriation of digital assets conceivable. The centre issues remain:

14



Security, putting away assets is bulky and unavoidably individuals store their assets under an outsider's control, similar to an exchange. This defeats one of the best properties of crypto currency, and opens them to dangers that have reliably turned out to be cataclysmic. A system is required that can safely store assets without trade off on ease of use. Usability, various strides are frequently associated with seeing genuine utilization of one's digital assets. A client needs wallets, exchanges and records on different services. They are required to pull back, store, do KYC and even end up noticeably novice brokers. A system is required that disposes of these means, and a consistent fitting and-play involvement for the uninitiated that can be incorporated crosswise over platforms. Volatility, compelling individuals to utilize an unpredictable asset like Bitcoin is a no-go. The general population have talked, and it discourages more than it draws in leaving just a hazard-taking periphery. A steady, more assorted asset class is required.

Through the diversion changing energy of Ethereum we now have the current apparatuses to make an appropriated managing of account substitution for the post-bank period that guarantees to tackle these issues and simultaneously, outflank customary keeping money partners in flexibility, efficiency and straightforwardness. The GigECoin platform deliberately targets and comprehends these issues and will position itself at the core of the effort to encourage the standard appropriation of the convincing Ethereum Ecosystem and rule this next stage in financial history and the service delivery commerce

12. TOKEN DISTRIBUTION

PRE-ICO

GigeCoin is going to pre-launch its ICO with (Initial Coins Offering), wherein GigeCoins will be offered for .50 starting @ 50% discount ETH/BTC on Oct. 10th, 2017 at 1:00pm (GMT+8). There is a total supply of 2,362,062 coins- 75,000,000 will be offered for sale in the pre coin offering. The distribution of the coins will be as follows:

15



The GigECoin coin pre-sale will be arranged for a small group of partners. We will be sufficiently funded from the presale and for continuous development, however, a successful GigECoin pre sale would help us enlarge the team of engineers and boost development speed of the platform. We would be ready before the official ICO. Right now, we are confident in the extremely positive outcome of ICO, which will be most beneficial for early contributors.

Our goal for Pre-ICO is 75,000,000

Pre-ICO participants will largely benefit from the early discovery of the GigECoin platform, which will provide a fantastic opportunity to purchase GigECoin Tokens at a substantial discount. We plan to distribute 1,000,000,000 GigECoin tokens to our core team and advisors as well.

Pre-ICO will occur on 10-10-2017

Pre-ICO shall be executed on first-come, first-served basis. We can't guarantee the availability of tokens for all interested participants. The GigECoin tokens will appear in contributors ERC20 wallet just after ICO is completed and hit target.

Pre-ICO funds distribution:

- Product development team Intranet and extranet system developers Front-end developers

16



- Additional PR & Marketing expenses: International marketing campaigns Conferences and media partnerships Aggressive Social media promotions

13. ICO

ICO will be held on the GigECoin website starting from ICO Date. GigECoin 950,000,000 coins at full ICO.

The Coin sale will occur from January - February 2018



14. ROAD MAP

In order to be successful with our goals, we have set a series of milestones that will help us achieve them. These are:



IV QR 2018: Completion of platform and entering the markets of Russia, Estonia, Latvia, Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary. Development and adaptation of the product

1 QR 2018: Entering the Asian markets.



I QR 2018:



Entering the markets of Africa Launch of exchange platform in Africa fiat for crypto currency



II QR 2018:



Running GigECoin blockchain Entering the markets of North and South Americas



III QR 2018: Development of marketplace for retail terminal service Entering the market of Australia and Oceania



IV QR 2018 & 2019: Increase in the scale and growth of network turnover



17



15. CONCLUSION

The Future of service delivery commerce on the block chain. The Gig Economy platform works as a mining platform for maximum ward decentralised advance Gig outlet allowing transparent service. PersonalisedThe Gig Economy platform arranges pre booked mining Gig sent over for the first 51% of user's working day at start of mining Decentralised The Gig Economy platform allows users as the moderator of the entire transaction all mining are users. High Growth Expected

The opportunities and challenges of the gig economy

Categories Gig Economy , Freelance Lifestyle , Employment in freelance , self-employment , freelance lifestyle , freelancing , Freelancer , start-ups

18



One of the biggest trends emerging in the current recruitment landscape is the 'gig economy.

The 31.5 billion UK recruitment industry is a key reason why the UK labour market has outperformed most of its international competitors in recent times. But, problems and anxieties do still exist. Shortages in skills and talent continue to cause concern. Furthermore, the period of uncertainty caused by the EU referendum and result means that harnessing the new technologies necessary to facilitate gig working will become increasingly important. It is these new technologies that will enable organisations to find the skills and talent they need.

The world of work is undoubtedly changing. More people than ever before are choosing to be selfemployed or looking for temporary positions over the traditional permanent, full-time role. The '9-5' is less compelling for many

19 19



workers and the opportunity to work more flexibly and independently is becoming more attractive for many. This shift means that it is inevitable that the gig economy will play a large part in shaping how the wider economy functions in the future. The gig economy offers opportunities for employers, recruiters and candidates. In addition, there are concerns that have been highlighted that will need to be addressed if the gig economy is to benefit all stakeholders. For employers, the gig economy can speed up the process of recruitment and offers the ability to

tap into a global talent base. It can certainly reduce the cost of permanent hires.

20



