Automated Crypto-Trading

Whitepaper v2.6 December 2017



The smart way to invest in Digital Currencies



Contents



Legal and regulatory



4



Summary



7



Market background



8



What is Gimmer



9



Gimmer's beta success



13



Gimmer monetization



14



Route to market



16



Token sale



17



How will the funding be used



20



Gimmer road map



21



The Gimmer team



23



3



Legal and regulatory

The Gimmer team is aware of potential risks associated with a decentralized crypto-trading platform and the associated cryptocurrency. Gimmer is vigilant of the potential regulatory ramifications and have taken measures to minimise potential risk in a commercially reasonable manner. Gimmer will remain responsive and will work with regulators as necessary, moving forward.

As of the date of publication of this whitepaper, Gimmer Tokens ("GMR") have no known potential uses outside of the Gimmer platform ecosystem and are not permitted to be sold or otherwise traded on third-party exchanges. This whitepaper does not constitute advice nor a recommendation by Gimmer, its o!cers, directors, managers, employees, agents, advisors or consultants, or any other person to any recipient of this paper on the merits of the participation in the Gimmer Token Sale. Participation in the Gimmer Token Sale carries substantial risk and may involve special risks that could lead to a loss of all or a substantial portion of such an investment. Do not participate in the Gimmer Token Sale unless you are prepared to lose the entire amount you allocated to purchasing GMR Tokens. GMR Tokens should not be acquired for speculative or investment purposes with the expectation of making a profit or immediate re-sale. No promises of future performance or value are or will be made with respect to GMR Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that GMR Tokens will hold any particular value. Unless prospective participants fully understand and accept the nature of Gimmer and the potential risks inherent in GMR Tokens, they should not participate in the Gimmer Token Sale. GMR Tokens are not being structured or sold as securities. GMR Tokens are not participation in Gimmer and GMR Tokens hold no rights in Gimmer. GMR Tokens are sold as a functional good and all proceeds received by Gimmer may be spent freely by Gimmer absent any conditions, save as set out in this whitepaper. This whitepaper is not a prospectus or disclosure document and is not an o"er to sell, nor the solicitation of any o"er to buy any investment or financial instrument in any jurisdiction and should not be treated or relied upon as one. This whitepaper and the Gimmer Token Sale and any information on the Gimmer website is not intended for nor applicable to U.S., Chinese, or South Korean citizens or any citizens in any other country or territory in which the transactions contemplated by this whitepaper is or becomes illegal, or legal persons and entities domiciled therein ("Prohibited Jurisdictions"). Citizens or legal entities domiciled in Prohibited Jurisdictions may not participate in the Gimmer Token Sale. This whitepaper is for information only. Written authorisation is required for distribution of any or all parts contained herein.

GMR Tokenholder's assume risk when participating in trading activities and such activities have inherent risks. Unforeseen problems could result in the loss of all of a GMR's Tokenholder's funds or GMR Token value.

All information here that is forward-looking is speculative in nature and may change in response to numerous outside forces, including technological innovations, regulatory factors, and/or currency fluctuations, including but not limited to the market value of cryptocurrencies.

4



This whitepaper is for information purposes only and is subject to change. Gimmer cannot guarantee the accuracy of the statements made or conclusions reached in this whitepaper. Gimmer does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties (whether express or implied by statute or otherwise) whatsoever, including but not limited to:

- any representations or warranties relating to merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, wage, title or non-infringement;

- that the contents of this document are accurate and free from any errors; and

- that such contents do not infringe any third party rights. Gimmer shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to or reliance on the contents of this whitepaper, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

This whitepaper includes references to third party data and industry publications. Gimmer believes that this industry data is accurate and that its estimates and assumptions are reasonable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of this data. Third party sources generally state the information contained therein has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable; however, there are no assurances as to the accuracy or completeness of included information. Although the data are believed to be reliable, we have not independently verified any of the data from third party sources referred to in this paper or ascertained the underlying assumptions relied upon by such sources.

Please note that Gimmer is in the process of undertaking a legal and regulatory analysis of the functionality of its GMR Tokens. Following the conclusion of this analysis, Gimmer may decide to amend the intended functionality of its GMR Tokens in order to ensure compliance with any legal or regulatory requirements to which we are subject. In the event that we decide to amend the intended functionality of its GMR Tokens, Gimmer will update the relevant section of this Whitepaper and upload the latest version of this to its website.

Any GMR Tokens could be impacted by regulatory action, including potential restrictions on the ownership, use, or possession of such tokens. Regulators or other circumstances may demand that the GMR Tokens' mechanics be altered, all or in part. Gimmer may revise mechanics to comply with regulatory requirements or other governmental or business obligations. Nevertheless, Gimmer believe they have taken all commercially reasonable steps to ensure that its planned mechanics are proper and in compliance with currently considered regulations.

Gimmer intends to invest the GMR Tokens contributions to fund software development and operations. However, Gimmer makes no representations or warranties as to the timing of the delivery of a final working automated crypto-trading platform accessible by the public. 5



Caution regarding forward-looking statements This whitepaper contains forward-looking statements or information (collectively "forward-looking statements") that relate to Gimmer's current expectations and views of future events. In some cases, these forwardlooking statements can be identified by words or phrases such as "may", "will", "expect", "anticipate", "aim", "estimate", "intend", "plan", "seek", "believe", "potential", "continue", "is/are likely to" or the negative of these terms, or other similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. Gimmer has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that it believes may a!ect its financial condition, results of operations, business strategy, financial needs, or the results of a token event or the value or price stability of GMR Tokens. In addition to statements relating to the matters set out here, this whitepaper contains forward-looking statements related to Gimmer's proposed operating model. The model speaks to its objectives only, and is not a forecast, projection or prediction of future results of operations. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and analysis made by Gimmer in light of its experience and perception of historical trends, current conditions and expected future developments and other factors it believes are appropriate, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. Although the forward-looking statements contained in this whitepaper are based upon what Gimmer believes are reasonable assumptions, these risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors could cause Gimmer's actual results, performance, achievements, and experience to di!er materially from its expectations expressed, implied, or perceived in forward-looking statements. Given such risks, prospective participants in this token event should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.

6



Summary

Gimmer is the creation of both intrigue and frustration. It started when two friends  both blockchain enthusiasts  decided to look into cryptocurrency trading. However, the further they looked, the more confusing it became. The barriers to entry were huge and the learning curve was even bigger. With backgrounds in User Experience Design and Full Stack Development, they had the vision to make an automated cryptocurrency trading platform that anyone could use. This paper discusses the current status and future plans of the Gimmer platform. It aims to demonstrate how we are using our teams' expertise to make cryptocurrency trading easy and accessible for everyone. To date, Gimmer (currently in working beta version) has been self-funded by our dedicated team, we've built Gimmer outside of our day jobs. As individuals, we're masters of our trades and crafts. Collectively, we are passionate and excited  not only about making Gimmer a success  but also achieving success in the world of cryptography, blockchain technologies and how the world is rapidly changing with regards to digital currencies. With the funds raised from the Gimmer token sale, we'll be able to expedite the development and launch of Gimmer in 2018. We'll be able to fund and grow our global team of experts so that they can focus purely on Gimmer. They will be able to collectively work 24/7 delivering the list of great features, enhancements and functionalities outlined in our road map. Gimmer has a rapidly growing network of collaborators eager to contribute and be part of the chain. Getting this far has been an amazing journey and reaching the Token Sale is a big milestone for us. We would like to take this opportunity to thank all of Gimmer's passionate and devoted team, our families for their continued support and understanding, and our advisers for their help and guidance. Together, we're going to make remarkable things.

7



Market information

At the time of writing this whitepaper, according to www.coinmarketcap.com there were 1,200+ cryptocurrencies with a combined market cap of $440+ Billion USD. To add perspective to the size of the market, if you were to imagine that cryptocurrencies were in the stock market, the S&P 500 rating (the top 500 largest companies by market capitalization listed on American stock exchanges) for cryptocurrencies would be the 29th place.

The market is currently split between Bitcoin and Altcoins (the name given to all the other coins), with Altcoins taking 45-50% market share.



1,200

Cryptocurrencies



200

Assets



5,000

Markets

$11 Billion+

24hr Volume (USD)



So, with over 1,200+ currencies and 5,000+ markets, it's no surprise that the 100+ cryptocurrency exchanges are busy places. Although the exchanges have varying merits, they typically have only manual trading tools, so anyone looking to truly capitalise on the markets needs to be chained to their computers 24hr a day, 7 days a week  as unlike traditional FIAT markets, cryptocurrencies trade 24/7.

If you looked at the top cryptocurrency exchanges at the time of writing this paper, the combined 24hr trading volume as displayed and calculated on www.coinmarketcap.com was in excess of $11 billion USD. From analyzing the tra!c to all major exchanges, we estimate approximately 26 million active traders across the top 20 cryptocurrency exchanges. Some of the top cryptocurrency exchanges have reported to be growing by 1,000 to 3,000 new customers on a daily basis.

There are already a number of automated trading bot platforms, but they are complex to use and di!cult to understand. They require in depth trading knowledge and programming skills, which alienates new customers and proves to be time-consuming for the more experienced traders. Gimmer solves this problem, it's quick and easy to set up with no in depth knowledge of trading or programming skills required.

Social trading has been successful for traditional market trading but has not been adopted in the cryptocurrency market. With so much growth in the market and such value for customers, we see this as another huge opportunity for Gimmer.

Although the many skeptics around the world are saying that blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies are nothing more than a bubble, the growing data suggests otherwise. Gimmer believes the principles of decentralization, transparency, privacy, and security means that blockchain technology and cryptocurrencies are here to stay and are still just in their infancy.

8



What is Gimmer

Problem statement Since its inception, trading or investing in cryptocurrencies has been timeconsuming and complex. You not only need to understand the complexities of trading, but also the complexities of a rapidly growing cryptocurrency market. As the cryptocurrency market is open 24/7 and can be highly volatile, to be successful with trading, you need to be constantly monitoring your trades. It's not a case of set and forget.

Some platforms have introduced a basic form of automated trading bots, but to use them e!ectively, you need programming skills, which adds additional complexity and yet another barrier to entry.

With new currencies being created every day, there is much to learn for all traders. To find this information, lots of research needs to be done, which also consumes valuable time.

The solution Our goal is to provide the best automated cryptocurrency trading platform that blockchains have ever seen. One that is quick and easy to use and accessible to all customers, no matter their background or trading experience.

With Gimmer, you do not need to be an expert trader or know any programming. Gimmer simply connects to a customers cryptocurrency exchange account and then uses advanced algorithmic trading bots to make the trades on behalf of the customer  at parameters that the customer has set. The bots require no programming skills, no previous trading experience and no in-depth knowledge of cryptocurrencies is needed. Gimmer is suitable for anyone who wants to trade and invest in the cryptocurrency market and does not have the relevant skills or the time to watch the markets all day long.

How Gimmer works In a market that never sleeps, experienced traders and crypto-enthusiasts no longer need to be chained to their screen 24/7 monitoring exchanges. Now, they can quickly and easily create trading strategies and have their own team of Gimmer bots doing all the buying and selling for them. Trading bots are configured through a simple point and select interface so you don't need to learn any programming or any new skills to create your strategy.

You can configure a trading bot to include any number of indicators, safeties and currencies as you like. Once setup, you can run backtests to see how your strategy would have performed over a previous trading period  this is worked out using historical data. When ready, charge your bot with Gimmer tokens, sit back and relax. The Gimmer trading bots connect directly and securely with your preferred exchange, sending the buy and sell commands automatically so you don't have to.

9



Using trading bots on Gimmer removes the chance of human error, avoids costly emotional decisions and importantly saves you having to memorise complex trading strategies for yourself.

What's more, experienced or successful traders can make additional revenue by renting their strategies to other customers through the bot store.

This allows complete beginners to invest with confidence and ease by renting these strategies from the Gimmer Bot Store. Everything in the bot store has live metrics to show how the strategies have performed, and ratings showing which strategies are the most popular.

Inside the Gimmer ecosystem, all customers will be able to share cryptocurrency information, insight and views, ask questions and learn from fellow traders in our built in social trading network. Users will also be able to like and rate content.

What's di!erent about Gimmer  A standard automated crypto-trading bot is o!ered for free. This includes

the use of one indicator, one safety and one pair, without leverage.  Automated crypto-trading bots that are quick and easy to set up with

your own trading strategies  Earn GMR tokens by renting your strategies to other customers through

the bot store  Rent bots that use tried and tested strategies of other traders  Easy to set up with no programming skills required  Multi-coin trading allowing you to select multiple coins to trade against  Free backtesting allowing you to test your strategy over a previous trading

period to see how it would have performed based on historical data  Simulator mode allowing you to trial a strategy in real time, without real

currency so the user can get confidence  Add from over 80 indicators to your strategy to maximise your trading  Add from over 10 safeties to your strategy to limit or prevent any losses  Choose between di!erent trading modes  Arbitrage trading, make profits by trading the di!erent coin prices

between exchanges.  Social trading network so you can learn from, discuss and connect with

other traders  Automated crypto-lending - we are creating a special bot to make loans,

and invest in the currency that has the most deficit, thus, earning a greater interest. The loan bot is almost zero risk, as it lends cryptocurrencies to traders who use the Exchange and does not allow withdrawal, the loans are backed by the lenders own cryptocurrency.  Configurator - Onboarding process to identify the user's risk profile  Lightweight decentralized application DAPP - secure, fast and cost e"cient for customers

10



How do you access Gimmer We've created a fast and simple sign-up process. Because Gimmer never holds any currency, we don't need to perform any lengthy identification checks, so customers can be up and running in a matter of minutes. Simply create your account, validate your email address, download the app, then follow the simple step-by-step instructions to sync Gimmer with your Ethereum address and your exchange account by entering two API keys.

How do you use Gimmer Once you've connected your Gimmer account to your exchange account, simply proceed to the Gimmer Bot Store and choose from the available bots strategies or have a go at creating your own. You can run backtests to see how the bot strategy would have performed over previous trading periods based on historical data. When you're ready, set your trading parameters and let the bot do the rest. You'll be able to watch the bot buying and selling in real-time.The outcome of the trade will automatically sync with your exchange account and also show in your Gimmer trading activity.

Gimmer Tokens The Gimmer ecosystem has its own form of currency called Gimmer Tokens (GMR). Every purchase, rental, sale, exchange, reward or fee made in the ecosystem will require the use of GMR Tokens. This includes, but not limited too:

 Paying for the rental of crypto-trading, crypto-lending and crypto-arbitrage bots  Customising your trading strategy with additional currency pairs, indicators and safeties  Renting trading strategies from other customers  Earning GMR tokens for creating content in Gimmer's integrated social network  As a reward for expanding the Gimmer community by inviting friends  As a reward for featuring in the community `Best Bot' leaderboard

The user experience Our team combines a strong background in user experience design, development, trading and finance, and believe the customer needs to come first. We think that good design is easy to digest and doesn't expend energy trying to figure out what is going on. Good design has clarity and focus and is obvious where an action is required. It will make complex tasks seem easy by guiding the user through them, and build trust by explaining why actions and input are needed. Ease of use through familiarity!

11



The development framework and language Gimmer's cutting edge technology uses the power of the modularity of NodeJS, AngularJS and NWJS.

DECENTRALIZE GIMMER 2018 Currently, the DEMO uses NodeJS, AngularJS with one centralized backend. The Gimmer lightweight decentralized Application (DAPP) will be released in early 2018. There will be no backend dependency using the NWJS. By decentralizing Gimmer, we will be able to make the service faster and cheaper for our customers as we'll be able to pass on the saving we have for not using a centralised, hosted solution. Security of platform As user data is not installed in the cloud, it is not exposed. DAAP is a very secure platform, however, it is advisable that users have a good antivirus installed on their machines. Gimmer connects to your chosen cryptocurrency exchange wallet meaning your cryptocurrency never leaves the exchange. Gimmer never directly holds your cryptocurrencies.

Cryptocurrency Exchange

User profile is matched with your Ethereum wallet address and will be stored locally, secured via cutting edge cryptography.

12



Gimmer's beta success

In early 2017 we released a public beta version of Gimmer, this was a centralized application that was used mainly to validate the trading bots core functionality. The beta was made available for a period of 4 months. We ran a small, but e!ective Google AdWords campaign with a limited budget of $380, on average we gained 4 new users per day and in total we signed up over 800 active users.

Bot strategies created During the beta test, there were 7,170 active crypto-trading bot strategies.

ACTIVE STRATEGIES

7,170

Backtests The beta users completed 12,893 backtests.

Profit generated The most profitable bot in the period was +87% return over and above the coins organic growth.

MOST PROFIT

+87%

13



Gimmer monetization

Monetization is achieved through the rental of Gimmer's:  Automated Crypto-Trading  Automated Crypto-Lending  Automated Crypto-Arbitrage  Strategy rental for all bot types(The Bot Store)

Automated Crypto-Trading A basic trading bot (for example, with 1 indicator and 1 safety) is o!ered to the customer for free. If a user wishes to add extra instructions to their bot, such as indicators and safeties, they will be charged in Gimmer token(GMR). The cost in GMR will scale depending on how long the bot is active for and how many additional instructions a user gives the bot, such as, how many currencies they wish to trade, how many safeties and ticks. This means a bot with a simple strategy and an expected lower return will be cheaper to rent, whereas more complex strategies with multiple currency pairs, numerous indicators and safeties, will be more expensive to rent.

As a guide, the table below gives numerous examples of how the rental cost scales proportionately to the level of instructions included in a trading strategy:



STANDARD BOT



BASIC BOT



INTERMEDIATE BOT



ADVANCED BOT



Type: Trade Currency pairs: 1 Indicators: 1 Safeties: 1 Active period: 1 Month Cost: 0 GMR



Type: Trade Currency pairs: 3 Indicators: 1 Safeties: 1 Active period: 1 Month Cost: 30 GMR



Type: Margin Currency pairs: 4 Indicators: 3 Safeties: 2 Active period: 1 Month Cost: 60 GMR



Type: Margin Currency pairs: 6 Indicators: 6 Safeties: 2 Active period: 1 Month Cost: 120 GMR



Automated Crypto-Lending These work by automatically lending cryptocurrency to traders through cryptocurrency exchanges. They are seen as very low risk product. You simply set your desired parameters and the bot finds the best loans terms and the best time. The exact detail of the pricing structure is due to be defined in 2018.



14



Automated Crypto-Arbitrage This works by simultaneously buying and selling of a currency to profit from the price di!erence between di!erent exchanges. The Arbitrage bots search the exchanges and make the deal and the optimum time. The exact detail of the pricing structure is due to be defined in 2018.

Strategy rental for all bot types (The Bot Store) Any user can make their strategy available in the Bot Store for other users to rent. The cost of rental is worked out using the base strategy cost plus an additional fee set by the user who owns the strategy. Approximately 30% of the fee is automatically paid to Gimmer, the rest is paid to the customer who created the strategy in Gimmer tokens. The strategy is never revealed to anyone renting it, this stops people attempting to copy the strategy for free.

Example costs of renting from the bot store

Scenario A user decides to make the strategy available to rent on the bot store. The base cost of running the bot is 50 GMR for 1 month. When listing the strategy on the bot store, the user defines their strategy fee of 10 GMR.

A di!erent user thinks the returns and performance of the strategy look good, so decides to rent the strategy for 1 month.

User renting the strategy pays



1 month usage

BOT STORE STRATEGY



50 GMR

COST OF BOT

+

10 GMR

STRATEGY FEE

= 60 GMR

Total paid by user



Cost of running the bot for 1 month is paid to Gimmer

Strategy owner receives 70% of fee

Gimmer take 30% of fee for providing the platform



15



Route to market

As our customer base is global, we will focus our marketing e!orts on digital marketing channels. These o!er a more targeted and measurable approach, and are more cost e!ective than localised, above the line advertising methods.

Social media advertising We will target customers using professionally created social media advertising, such as Facebook and Instagram, and other relevant crypto-channels.

Social media sharing We will utilise our customers' social networks to drive new customers to Gimmer by encouraging our customer to share their Gimmer experiences at various points in their daily journeys. Customer may receive a reward or benefit, like extra tokens, by spreading the word about us.

Invite friend incentive We will o!er incentives to customers for inviting their friends to use Gimmer. For every new friend that joins Gimmer, both parties will receive free tokens to use within the Gimmer ecosystem.

Competitions We have plans to run regular competitions that will drive excitement and awareness around the Gimmer brand and ultimately help grow our customer base. Competitions will be relevant to the Gimmer product and platform.

PR Our extended team includes experienced PR agencies who will focus on telling the Gimmer story and promoting the Gimmer proposition across various Crypto and trading online magazines, blogs and news sites.

Email Marketing We have a growing database for email marketing and an already established regular emailing strategy to keep customers and potential customers up to date with all things Gimmer and Cryptocurrency. All our newsletters and email updates will be professionally written.

Strategic partnerships We are already building strategic partnerships with other cryptocurrency platforms, exchanges and wallets who share the same customer base but o!er a complimentary service to Gimmer's.

PPC/AdWords We will run a continuously measured pay per click campaign to drive new customers to Gimmer.

16



Token sale

Token Sale Dates PRESALE START: 17 January 2018 PRESALE FINISH: 31 January or when the presale cap is reached

PUBLIC TOKEN SALE START: 1 February 2018 PUBLIC TOKEN SALE FINISH: 28 February 2018 or when the max cap is reached

What Gimmer Tokens (GMR) are NOT: Gimmer Tokens are not o!ered as a security. Gimmer Tokens to do not pay any dividends, commissions, shares or provide equity based on their acquisition.

What are Gimmer Tokens (GMR):  GMR Tokens are an Ethereum based ERC20 cryptocurrency  GMR Tokens only have value in the Gimmer ecosystem  Available to hold in your compatible ERC20 wallet  Exchangeable on cryptocurrency exchanges  GMR Tokens have 18 decimal places



Token structure MAXIMUM TOKEN SUPPLY: 110,000,000 GMR



AVAILABLE IN PRESALE: 15,000,000 GMR

AVAILABLE IN PUBLIC TOKEN SALE: 85,000,000 GMR (plus any unsold presale tokens)



GMR



SOFT CAP: 4,800 ETH



HARD CAP: 35,000 ETH



MAXIMUM BOUNTIES, ADVISERS, RESERVES & TEAM: 10,000,000 GMR

The amount of GMR created for bounties, advisers, reserves and team will be equivalent to 10% of the amount of GMR tokens issued (Tokens sold plus bonus o!ered). (Bounties +4% of total

tokens issued. Advisers, reserves & team +6% of total tokens issued)



ACCEPTED CRYPTO: ETHER (ETH)



EXCHANGE RATE: 1 ETH = 2,500 GMR (plus respective bonus)



1 ETH



2,500 GMR



PRESALE MINIMUM TRANSACTION: 30 ETH PUBLIC TOKEN SALE MINIMUM TRANSACTION: 0.1 ETH

17



The following is the maximum possible split 100,000,000 GMR available in token sale 6,000,000 GMR for advisers, reserves and team 4,000,000 GMR for bounties

Advisers, reserves and team - token breakdown As stated above, an additional 6% of the total tokens issued (Tokens sold plus bonus o!ered) during the sale will be created and distributed as follows:

45% Gimmer's Advisers 45% Business reserves 10% Core Team

Unsold Gimmer Tokens Any unsold Gimmer Tokens will not be created.

Issuing of GMR Tokens GMR Tokens will be issued from 1 February 2018 as each transaction is confirmed. Presale GMR Tokens will be issued on 1 February 2018. GMR Tokens will be visible in your ERC20 wallet but GMR Tokens will not be tradable until the Token Sale has closed on 28 February 2018.

Presale bonus Contributions between 30 ETH and 299 ETH will receive +25% Bonus. Contributions between 300 ETH and 999 ETH will receive +30% Bonus. Contributions of 1,000 ETH and above will receive +40% Bonus

Public Token Sale bonus We will open the public token sale with a 20% bonus, which will decrease by 5% each week until the sale ends or all the max cap has been reached.



WEEK 1

+20%



WEEK 2

+15%



WEEK 3

+10%



WEEK 4

+5%



Token Implications Gimmer Tokens o!er limited real rights as contained in the Gimmer Token Sale terms and conditions. The tokens represent a set number among the maximum total of 110 million tokens. These tokens are not transferable and are not refundable. No promise of future performance or value is or will be made in respect to Gimmer, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that the Gimmer tokens will hold any particular value. The Gimmer tokens are sold as functional goods and all the proceeds received from them through the Token Sale will be spent free from any conditions.

18



Smart Contracts Smart contracts help people exchange money, property, shares, or anything of value in a transparent, conflict-free way while avoiding the middleman.



Source: https://blockgeeks.com/guides/smart-contracts/

Blockgeeks describe smart contracts by comparing this technology to a vending machine. Ordinarily, people would go to a lawyer or a notary, pay them, and wait while you get the document. With smart contracts, people can simply drop a bitcoin into the vending machine (i.e. ledger), and an escrow, driver's license, or whatever drops into their accounts. More so, smart contracts not only define the rules and penalties around an agreement in the same way that a traditional contract does, but also automatically enforce those obligations. Wallets we recommend As the Gimmer Token (GMR) is an ERC20 Ethereum based coin, you will need a compatible wallet. Due to its ease of use and simplicity to set up, we recommend:

MetaMask

Download at: https://metamask.io/

Other Ethereum based compatible wallets:



My Ether Wallet

www.myetherwallet.com

19



Parity

parity.io



Gnosis

wallet.gnosis.pm



Im Wallet

token.im/



How will the funding be used

FUNDING GOAL: 35,000 ETH Gimmer is already a working product with a growing community of users. All the funding raised during the Token Sale will be used in driving Gimmer along our road map so we can bring Gimmer faster to you. Each product milestone requires additional development, team expansions, marketing e!orts and legal oversight. The following chart breaks down how the funds raised will be divided between the core functions for each milestone we raise funding for.



Development & Operations 45%



Marketing & Acquistion 35%



Founders



& Team



15%



Legal &



Compliance



5%



Our commitment to our investors With your contributions to Gimmer, we'll be on track to deliver against the milestones on our road map and ultimately launch each new feature in the proposed timeframe. We have set aggressive, but what we believe to be achievable, milestones to ensure that Gimmer is always evolving.

Funding will be managed in conjunction with our business partner Fiduciary, whose corporate director will oversee the releasing of funds in line with the milestones from the road map. Although funds will be released in order to commence each phase of development, to ensure our teams interests are fully vested within the product, the founders and team bonus will be related to each milestone and only paid on completion of each milestone.

An important aspect of Gimmer is maintaining its ease of use and improving the customer experience. We will continue with customer testing, gathering feedback and then iteratively improving the features, design and overall experience.

We have a passion for innovation, so we will continually explore new technologies and methodologies to improve Gimmer and make it as e!ective, exciting and as fun to use as possible.

If funding for a particular milestone is not reached, we will still use the funding for the features development, but will not be able to commit to the projected timeframe.

Should funding exceed our target goal, we commit to use this funding to plan even more exciting new features and services for the Gimmer platform and our customers.



20



Gimmer road map

We've come along way in a short amount of time, we've accomplished some big milestones in our product development, but as our road map shows there are many more exciting things planned. We will continue to focus on listening to users to better understand their changing needs and use this insight to create new features.

The milestones we've already passed:



JANUARY 2017 JANUARY 2017 FEBRUARY 2017 FEBRUARY 2017 FEBRUARY 2017

MARCH 2017 MARCH 2017 MAY 2017 JUNE 2017 JULY 2017 21



BOT SETUP Create your trading bot strategy with Ticks, Indicators and Safeties.

BACKTESTING Perform backtests, to preview bot performance based on historical data.

AUTOMATED CRYPTO-TRADING Our bots trading the top currencies in the biggest exchange markets.

MARGIN TRADING Added the ability to include margin trading in bot strategies.

GIMMER PUBLIC BETA We released a MVP version of Gimmer, as a centralized app, to validate core bot functionality. Over 800 users signed up, using 7,170 active bot strategies, 12,893 backtests and most profitable return was +87%

MULTICOIN TRADING Enable multiple currencies to be traded by a single bot. The bot chooses the crypto-pairs with most potential and trades accordingly.

BOT STORE A marketplace for users rent their trading bots strategies to other users.

GIMMER WIKI A collaborative, community created database of cryptoinformation to help other users navigate the world of cryptocurrencies.

REFER A FRIEND A system to allow users to invite friends and earn rewards for each friend that uses Gimmer's bots.

GIMMER FORUM A platform for our community to share and discuss information on cryptocurrencies. Complete with users levels such as members, moderators and admins.



SEPTEMBER 2017 OCTOBER 2017



WHITEPAPER V1 Our whitepaper was created and made available to investors.

TOKEN.GIMMER.NET Website for token sale was launched.



Our Future milestones With help from our supporters, contributors and investors these are the milestones we are looking to achieve and when:



Q2 2018



LAUNCH GIMMER DAPP Decentralize Gimmer and release as DAPP so that it is cheaper and faster to use, and gives users the ability to run more bots at the same.



Q3 2018



AUTOMATED ARBITRAGE BOTS Connect to multiple exchange accounts and use Gimmer bots to analyse which exchange will give the best rate for selling the asset, then automatically reallocating accordingly to get the best rate.



Q4 2018



AUTOMATED LENDING BOTS Create a bot to monitor the lending market and o!er loans on

the currencies with the best returns.



Q1 2019



MOBILE APP  PHASE 1 Simple app with push notifications to keep users up to date with their performance at all times.



Q2 2019 Q2 2019



8 NEW EXCHANGES To have Gimmer functional with 8 new exchanges by this time.

SIMULATOR Real time testing for trading bot strategies using real market data, but without the need to use real cryptocurrency.



Q3 2019 Q4 2019



COPY CRYPTO-TRADER Enable users to copy other traders entire actions giving them the same potential for profit and loss.

SCALPER BOT This bot aims to take small and regular profits from lower value trades.



22



Q4 2019 Q1 2020 Q2 2020 Q3 2020 Q4 2020 Q2 2021



8 NEW EXCHANGES To have Gimmer functional with 8 new exchanges by this time.

AI BOT AI bots will have a diverse range of intelligent features such as hybrid indicators and self testing strategies to find the most profitable ones.

RISK ASSESSMENT Create your own risk profile so suitable strategies can be matched and suggested.

PORTFOLIO STRATEGIES Combine multiple trading bot strategies into a single portfolio strategy. You can make a portfolio strategy public or make it available to rent to other users through the bot store.

8 NEW EXCHANGES To have Gimmer functional with 8 new exchanges by this time.

AI BOT CREATOR This AI bot that will create and test di!erent strategies and will recommend  based on your risk profile  the best most profitable trading bot strategy for you.



23



The Gimmer Team

Prsio Flexa - CTO & Co-Founder Persio is a Blockchain and full-stack developer with more than 16 years of experience in the field. As an experienced developer and amateur trader he has been creating successful trading bot strategies for over 2 years. He is focused on creating intelligent solutions using Blockchain technology. His everyday goal is to develop strategic and innovative solutions for the digital landscape and by that, impact people's lives positively. He's a Co-Founder on Gimmer and intends it to be the world's largest platform for cryptotrading. Writing smart contracts in Solidity and develop solutions using NodeJS, JavaScript/TypeScript, Angular, MongoDB, C#, Python and many other programming languages and frameworks.



Philipe Comini - CEO & Co-Founder Philipe believes a new era is coming for the human race and cryptocurrencies are one of the catalyser for this massive change in society moving forward. He is honored for taking part and playing an important role in Gimmer. With 13+ years of experience Philipe has worked on more than 33 companies providing Design solutions for a vast range of projects. He has already been involved with other fintech companies related to blockchain and cryptocurrencies.



Paul Lindsell - COO With over 18 years experience (which 11 years have been at board level) in creative design for global FMCG and Financial Services brands, Paul focuses on strategic and creative thinking to evolve Gimmer's proposition, service design and business model. He personally believes that the truly peer-topeer nature of blockchain technology gives consumers the truth, and the trust, that they so desperately need. And that the decentralization of data and services will change the way the world does business forever.



Masaichi Hasegawa - CIO



Masaichi has a experience in the world of traditional global



financial market for over 20 years. He is a specialist in asset



allocations and trading. He focus is global macro strategies,



investing from foreign exchanges, equities, sovereign and



corporate bonds, commodities such as precious metals to



petroleum. He also uses derivative products to enhance or



hedge the portfolios. He also participates in private equity



that invests in companies, both established and start-ups and



real estate. His goal is to analyse the crypto-currency market



with a traditional market perspective and its relationship with



24



the traditional markets.



Michel Comini - Marketing Director Michel has a background in advertising. In Brazil, he worked for one of the country's largest digital agencies and also for one of the most awarded ones in the Cannes Lions Festival of Creativity. Along his career, some of his clients were: Pernod Ricard, Unilever, Motorola, Intel, McDonald's, Amex Int'l, Sony Pictures, MI5/MI6/GCHQ/ HMGCC and Credit Suisse. In London, he worked as a Data Manager for the GroupM agency which oversees investments for the WPP group. Michel participates on the Product Design. He conducts competitive researches and data analysis.

William Xavier - Full Stack Developer William has 11 years of experience on development for web technologies. He also is a blockchain enthusiast and wants to bring the way people trade cryptocurrencies to next level. He works full time on Gimmer and he is excited to be part of the building of the smartest automated trading solution in cryptocurrencies. William is also involved with other blockchain related fintech startups.

Lucas Assis - Full Stack Developer Lucas is a full stack developer with 7 years of experience working in the area. Always aiming to work at the bleeding edge of technology, his goal is making Gimmer the number one stop for traders. He believes that blockchain technology is a game changer and all business that want to keep evolving will have to rely at some degree on transparent and trustworthy technologies like blockchain.

Joao Renato Mascarin - Commercial Director Joo Renato is a multi skilled Senior Project Manager specialised in Logistics, User Experience Planning and Commercial relations. He was named Project Director for the Rio 2016 Olympic Games and since then he looks after the United States Olympic Committee. One of his main achievements was managing over 250 sta! and looking after 1500+ guests and athletes priorly, during and after the event. Currently he is focused on the crypto-trading and alt coins finance markets. Ambitious and committed, he is already in contact with majors companies and startups within the cryptocurrency industry. He believes that cryptocurrencies have a huge potential and will be the next leap of our evolution. He believes that blockchain technology will have a huge impact and will shape the near future.

25



Joao Guilherme Mascarin - Customer Researcher Joao Guilherme focus on marketing, User Experience Research and help Gimmer to tailor unique experiences for customers. His deep analysis of the current crypto market are fundamental on building strong databases for Gimmer which helps on understanding the business and users needs. He thinks cryptocurrencies are already a reality and it will tend to fall in common sense very soon being broadly accepted world wide. Benjamin Vitris - Journalist Benjamin is a journalist with nearly three years of experience, he writes the latest news and trends of cryptocurrencies, blockchain technology, and fintech. His articles are published at prominent news sites, including Bitcoin Magazine, ETHNews, CryptoCoinsNews, and DeepDotWeb. Majored in Marketing Management, he is studying Commerce and Marketing at the Budapest Business School. Benjamin believes the world entered into a new era with the appearance of cryptocurrencies and blockchain tech, and he thinks the financial system should be completely decentralized to function decently.

26



