GOLDEA

GOLD EXPLOITATION ASSET



White Paper



goldea.io



November, 12th 2017

1



CONTENTS



Problem 3



Solution 4



Project Aims and objectives 6 Location 7 Exploitation 11



Project execution Optimization of blockchain in the project 13 ICO stages 13 Token value 15 ICO rules 17



Project financial plan Project investment stages 18 Yearly production costs and profit 19



Jurisdiction 20



Security 21



Team 22



ICO Details 24



Roadmap 27



Conclusion 28



2



PROBLEM



Gold is the only asset that has never disappointed people in the 5,000 years history. As such, it is a completely stable and profitable investment. In crisis, it is the safest investment with the greatest potential to increase in value. The World's biggest economies China and India are buying up gold with a growing demand. Also, for the first time after 30 years central banks began to expand their reserves of gold. As material it has application in smart phones, microprocessors, memory chips in computers, etc. Latest reports confirm an oncoming demand of gold as material for application in healthcare and aerospace industry due to characteristics such as no rust, can be easily alloyed with other metals and is basically indestructible. On the other side, although the gold showed its reliability, developing gold mining project with goal to launch production is very ineffective due to archaic funding methods used from the banks nowadays. Such situation causes developers with promising projects and interested investors to get stuck in the middle of nowhere. The banks prioritize financial giants when introducing the gold mining investment opportunity and charge fees. So, the main problem for interested investors worldwide is that investing in gold mining is very exclusive and complex to take a part due to its current entry ecosystem.



High investment entry through intermediaries with complex procedures, unreasonable fees, available to less than 2% of people worldwide



3



SOLUTION



With GOLDEA, we unlock the gold mining potential and democratize investing in gold mining with higher standards in terms of transparency and voting feature of each investor. So, the era of irritating burocracy, abundant paperwork, budget discrimination, and time-consuming practices is finally going to history. GOLDEA solves the problem with the Ethereum based blockchain project, geared towards creating a modern platform which consists of developers and investors aiming to realize the gold mining projects together.



GOLDEA offers GEA token, which value will reflect a generated profit of the company over time, at the discount rate, as an option available to anyone worldwide to invest into exploitation of the gold deposits by eliminating intermediary costs, formal barriers, technical obstacles, and personal disclosure.

Available to everyone safely, without intermediaries through Smart Contract which automatically distributes profits to all users.



4



GOLDEA apply Ethereum blockchain platform in order to:

Enable its users to purchase GEA tokens, become owners and make trade on cryptoexchanges with goal to collect profits associated with their actions

Enable its users to receive each three (3) months profit share generated from thegold mining which corresponds to amount of the tokens they hold

Enable developers in future to prepare, launch and realize their gold mining projects under expertise of our team and features of our platform

GOLDEA creates smart contracts and does emission of the tokens as the way to administer properly the pay-outs and will conduct fundraising by Initial Coin Offering (ICO).

5



PROJECT



We represent the first to the market gold mining project which is financed by blockchain optimization whereby the tokens represent co-ownership of the profit generated from the exploitation of the gold deposits.



3.1 Aims and objectives

The main aim of the project is to realize, on progress basis, our first gold mining project located in Republic of Mali via ICO by utilizing features of the Ethereum blockchain platform. This will be accomplished with creation and issuing of cryptocurrency GEA at discounted value prior to gold production. The project plans to ensure a sustainable organic growth by simultaneously conducting exploitation of the existing gold deposits, steadily expanding the production capacities over time and developing new perspective gold properties for exploitation under critical expertise of our team. Our vision is to create a blockchain platform which will facilitate fundraising for all junior gold mining projects worldwide. GOLDEA builds a community of investors committed to take part in crowdfunding in order to develop and exploit a gold properties with minimum risk and amount involved.

6



The project objectives:

Purchase and installation of the gold mining plant and necessary equipment

Mining and sale of the gold produced from the deposit

Identifying, developing and exploiting new perspective gold deposits worldwide

Helping local community to develop and eliminate poverty by means of charity

Establish basis for creation of fundraising platform for gold mining companies



3.2 Location

The first project is located in Republic of Mali which has an enormous gold mining potential and we believe is going to take World's leading position in the gold production in near future. Also, due to the fact that gold prices are going to rise substantially after few years of downtrends caused by World's monetary economic problems, we consider that now is the right moment to invest into development of gold deposits in Mali. Additionally, mining in Mali is becoming yet ever more attractive following a series of positive developments for the mining sector. Namely, in May 2016, Mali upgraded its estimated reserves by a third, what ensures investors production confidence and justifies means of continual gold discoveries. Moreover, according to FIDH report on gold mining in Mali "only 6 of the 133 regions potentially gold-rich have been mapped out and explored so far, what generates tremendous new possibilities for identifying, developing and exploitation of gold deposits in a country with such huge untapped potential.

7



Mali country overview: 3rd gold producing country in Africa, 12th in the World Good GDP growth expected in 2018 (5%) Low cost local labor and services for mining Favorable geology with Birimian gold belt Unique mining history and culture Stable social and political situation



Modern mining code established to attract foreign investments

Grooving presence of international gold mining companies

Mining-friendly

Presence of reputable international gold buyers (UAE and Swiss)



8



Historical facts overview:



Actual status of the gold mining industry in Mali:



Mali has the richest gold mining historical background with its peaks during the time of Emperor Mansa Musa (King of Kings)

Mansa Musa is considered to be still the richest person ever lived in world with gold wealth over $400 Billion

His shocking wealth is generated from his Malian Empire production of more than half the world's supply of gold

Emperor Mansa Musa was known as "Lord of the Mines" and during his reign Mali Empire flourished in gold production



Gold production in Mali totaled 67.4 tons in 2016, making the country Africa's third largest gold producer after South Africa and Ghana. There is an upward trend in production increase each year around 6%. The country has a significant number of gold reserves, mainly positioned in so called "Birimian Belt" which stands for one of the richest areas of gold deposits in the world. In an effort to increase efficiency of its mining sector, the government recently, cancelled 130 mining permits, accounting for approximately 30 percent of the existing permits. The cancellations means the permits are effectively free for the government to issue to other investors that will pursue seriously a proper development of the gold deposits and their exploitation. The country is home to several big international gold mining companies, including IAMGOLD (TSX:IMG), IAMGOLD operates two producing mines the Sadiola gold mine and the Yatela gold mine in Mali, and currently pursues development

9



finalization of two gold properties. Another big name for the country is AngloGold Ashanti (ASX:AGG), with mines at Morila, Sadiola and Yatela. Morila is a joint venture between Ashanti, Randgold Resources and the government of Mali. Apart from the Morila JV with AngloGold Ashanti, Randgold Resources (LSE:RRS), also has the Loulo-Gounkoto mine complex, a joint venture with the government of Mali.



With an aim to modernize Mali's mining economy, up to now, The World Bank contributed about $100 million in order to update Mali's regulatory institutions, acknowledge geological information about the nation's resources, and primarily, to create a new mining code for the nation which is favorable for foreign investors.



MALI 10



3.3 Exploitaon

The company holds interest in the 143 kmof an excellent gold deposit property located in the Southern Mali. The property is situated90 km from the capital of Bamako and is in neighborhood distance 35 km from the Randgold's Morila Mine, one of the biggest gold mines in Mali ($140 Mill investment), thus, sharing the same extensions of rich proven gold formaons. The Morila mine gold deposit value stands 8,5 million ounces of total gold asset value, what is in nowadays converted economic value approximately $9,3 Billion. Exploraon conducted gave su cient measures and has already enabled reserves for 10 years of exploitaon. According to the producon plan and gold deposit esmate study, the planned yearly producon target is 401,500 tons of material at 75 tons per hour feed rate and with a gold presence ranging between 1,2 -2,2 grams per ton of ore. Mining is going to start on a conservave low CAPEX scale and open-pit method with goal to ulize firstly 17 million tons of ore reserves within a depth of approximately down to 40 meters from a surface and proven very effecve gold recovery up to 90%. Calculaon jusfies that open pit mining method and processing of ores dynamics will give mine sustainable operang life expectancy.



The process has been verified by test work carried out at test facilies and independent laboratories in Canada and Austria. We will mine the ore in one open pit, but will process it by three more or less independent mobile gold beneficiaon plants. Mining will be based on ecological processing methods, with a gold being present literally from surface of deposit, as proved by exploraon works. The ore will pass the gravitaonal treatment in which oversize, and fines are screened o" and the selected size range is than crushed and milled. This beneficiaon process liberates the gold from the minerals in which they are respecvely encased or surrounded.

11



The company designed on the ground procedures for keeping a track of personnel, mining, processing, and logics which will be synchronized with special software application to meet the precise standards of operations. There will be appropriate 24 hours/day on site security to protect the camp facilities. Suitable high-tech video via internet system will be installed in order to enable o" site management to keep a track of ongoing activities. The company will have onsite office to manage mine administration, but accounting, invoicing, debt collection and customer relations will be managed by the office in Bamako and directly overseen by executive management. Also, due to favorable mineral composition and most prevailing size of the gold grains, our exploitation program will be environmentally friendly, without use of any chemicals such as cyanide or mercury and as such will not present any ecological risk to environment. Moreover, we intend to implement a sustainable recultivation plan in the exploited zones, with rain harvesting, which will develop agricultural sector and as well enable water usage to local community for the irrigation and drinking purposes. In order to prepare effectively for the exploitation we will initially order the gold beneficiation plant, construct camp facilities,



purchase mining heavy duty machinery, conduct pre-production preparation works, and finalize access to vital infrastructure such as roads, power generation and water usage. Detailed beneficiation and recultivation plan and other necessary project designs are finalized and gold exploitation license obtained.

12



PROJECT EXECUTION



Optimization of blockchain in the project

Blockchain technology, especially Ethereum, provides more possibilities for start-ups and investors to obtain funding and invest without intermediaries, anonymous and absolutely transparent. The main mission of Goldea is creating everyone, everywhere anytime access to invest in gold mining, and for that reason we launched GEA tokens on Ethereum blockchain. Realization of this option with blockchain not just allows attracting investment to the project, but also, subject to unique features of smart contract, enables automatic distribution of dividends to token holders, executes their right to vote during the project development stages, facilitates buy back of tokens, and integrates tokens on cryptoexchanges. For all the mentioned GEA tokens fulfill necessary technical requirements.



The main characteristics of GEA tokens:

Standard of ERC-20, enables listings on cryptoexchanges Limits amount of issued tokens for the project to 3,000.000 GEA. Additional emissions is not possible, and that is written in code of smart contract All codes from the smart contract are publicly available to everyone and securely deposited in Github (https://github.com/GoldeaToken/goldea)

ICO stages

In order to enable maximum transparency of funds usage and minimize the risks associated with volatility of cryptocurrencies, the project Goldea will issue its tokens by means of smart contract. The funds collected from the sale of tokens will be

13



Immediately invested to gold mine construcon according to the plan. Pre-ICO, as first stage of tokens sale, takes place from 10th September ll 15th October 2017 with goal to ulize opmally the collected funds in markeng, legal, technical and staff recruitment acvies prior to launching of ICO. In stage of Pre-ICO will be sold up to 80,000 GEA tokens with price $6 for the token.



ICO first round start on 1st December



ICO PLAN



15%



15%



15%



15%



10%



10%



10%



10%



5%



5%



5%



5%



0% Round 1: 01/12/2017

GEA $12



0% Round 2: 01/01/ 2018

GEA $15



0% Round 3: 01/02/2018

GEA $18



0% Round 4: 01/03/ 2018

GEA $21



The inial price of token is $12 with bonus 15% from which investor benefits by means of addional tokens. Each 7 days there will be decrease of bonus 5% and on end of the each round bonus will disappear. The price of token will increase on 15th each month with same bonus structure. Goal of the tokens sale in each round is covering ongoing costs of the project, what will be jusfied by publishing an appropriate content to investors via social media and personal cabinet, ensuring minimized risks and doubts from the investor's side. The costs and me associated with the project development phases are explained in details in business plan.

14



Hereby you can find the general list of planed events necessary for launching of the gold mine:

Paperwork finalization Infrastructure works Gold plant ordering Purchase of heavy duty machinery Construction works Security system installation Labour contracts

The project brings innovation in mining sector within sphere of ICO and benefiting from its realization is possible on stage by stage basis and in accordance with project plan. Such model of token sales increases trust from investors towards the project and ensures a complete transparency of costs disbursements.



In order to launch first round of production it is necessary to collect $1,500,000. The funds will be used for the documentation finalization, gold plant ordering and production. Further construction will evolve over time and its progress is publicly available through social media of Goldea. Minimum funds necessary for realization of gold mine amount $6,000,000. The gold mine capacity and gold output quantity depend on amount of funds raised. Due to features of our modular technology capacity is scalable between 50-450 tons per hour.

Token value

Main driver of the token value depends on initial production capacity of the gold mine. Initial capacity will be known upon completion of ICO. The bigger capacity from the beginning of production the faster will grow value of token, meaning less funds utilized for expansion of the production capacities will generate more profit distribution to the token holders.

15



The token holders have several benefits:

Receiving quarterly dividends reflecting an amount of the tokens they hold (distribution of generated profit from the gold sale to token holders automatically executed once per 3 months on the basis of smart contract)

Trading token GEA on cryptoexchanges

Option to convert GEA tokens to company shares after capitalization of company



Project Concept Overview



Investment Stage



Exploitation Stage



GOLDEA blockchain option



Buyback Stage



STOCK

Become shareholder



50%

Discount

Buying GOLDEA token during investment stage



100%

Investment

Investing in gold mine



Trade

Bitcoin USD

Cryptoexchanges



Receive

Profit share

Production 16



4.4 ICO rules

1) Launching of Pre-ICO in period of September-October 2017

During Pre-ICO investors will have possibility to acquire the blockchain opon for purchase of 80,000 GEA tokens The price of 1 GEA token is 6$

2) Launching of ICO in period of December - March 2017/18 During ICO investors will have possibility to acquire 2,250,000 GEA tokens. The price of 1 GEA token will range between 12  21$ Minimum amount raised during ICO is 6,000,000$ Hard cap is 15,000,000$

All unsold tokens will be canceled via smart contract

3) Conducng the works, which will secure an access to necessary infrastructure for gold exploitaon such as roads, accommodaon, power generaon and water as well as purchasing and installaon of the heavy-duty mining machinery and beneficiaon plant equipment. December 2017  June 2018



4) Finalizaon of the site preparaon works and commencement of the exploitaon will take place in July 2018

5) Buyback is planned for November 2018 Buyback Buyback start of GOLDEA token will begin 10 months aer end of fundraising

Through buyback it will be inially bought back 10% of GEA tokens, following by buy back sessions up to 50% GEA tokens from the market

6) Start of development works on second block of the property are planned for March 2019

7) Expansion of the exploitaon capacies is planned for March 2020



17



PROJECT



FINANCIAL PLAN



5.1 Project investment stages



01.12.2017 ICO

Round 1

Target: $1,500,000

Gold beneficiaon plant producon 1/4 Gold land technical preparaon



01.01.2018

ICO Round 2

Target: $1,500,000

Gold beneficiaon plant producon 2/3

Camp facilies construcon 1/2



01.02.2018

ICO Round 3

Target: $1,500,000

Gold beneficiaon plant producon 3/3

Camp facilies construcon 2/2



01.03.2018 ICO

Round 4

Target: $1,500,000

Gold beneficiaon plan instalaon and test

Purchase of heavy duty mining machinery Infrastructure setup

Test producon



18



5.2 Yearly production costs and profit



Investment ($)



6,000,000



Capacity (t/h)



75



Yearly processed ore (t)



394,200



Yearly gold produced (g)



402,084



Yearly sales price ($)



12,968,450



Yearly 3% tax on revenue ($)



-389,053



Net revenue from sales ($)



12,579,396



Yearly salaries ($)



-600,000



Yearly production costs ($)



-3,287,916



Target yearly profit ($)



8,691,479



Growth of GEA token value (%) 150 - 200%



9,600,000 150 788,400 804,168 25,936,900 -778,106 25,158,793 -1,200,000 -6,575,833 17,382,959 300 - 400%



15,000,000 300 2,365,200 2,412,504 77,810,700 - 2,334,318 75,476,379 - 3,600,000 - 19,727,499 52,148,877 500 - 800%



Increasing of exploitation capacity results in higher gold output and improved financial metrics what will reflect in growing token value over time. Total production costs assume all items as fuel, maintenance, amortization, etc. what makes it very clear, that calculation is on a very safe side.

The mine plans to employ up to 156 employees once it reaches the mentioned capacity.

19



JURISDICTION

In order to opmally structure the project execuon and transparency of operaons for the token holders we will establish ''onshore'' company in Dubai, UAE. The company will maintain an appropriate reporng to GOLDEA token holders by means of . smart contract. Note: The final decision about the jurisdicon is sll in process of consideraon and may be changed subject to the consultaon and/or feedback from our legal advisers during the acvies in ICO stage.

20



SECURITY



Our team dedicated time and resources relating to security of the smart contracts, funds raised and project documents.

Smart contract We will render all formal verification in order to verify security of the code from smart contract.

Raised funds ICO stage Use most reliable and known services in the market to secure and manage funds of investors



For the funds going to be used for operational costs of team members we will put in work hardware wallets such as Keep Key, which will have "offline" backup in Cryptosteel. The wallets and backups will be separately stored

Project documents For the purpose of transparency of GOLDEA project implementation, operations and expansion we will utilize decentralized data storage system such as Sia, FileCoin and Storj.



Apply multi-signature wallets for management of funds, which require minimum 3 out of 4 signatures for usage of funds



The rights for signature will have 2 team members and 2 escrow members



In order to use the funds it is necessary to 2 escrow signatures + 1 team member signature or 2 team members signatures + 1 escrow signature. Provided such funds security rule, neither escrow members nor team members will be in position to use the funds without consensus from both sides

21



TEAM



Our team comprises of people with unique experience in the gold mining and critically updated knowledge in geology, mining operations, ore processing, maintenance, management, finance, logistics and security. We worked together in several mining endeavors.



In order to successfully implement the project, we will also involve experts in the area of cryptocurrency and blockchains.



Drasko Joci

Founder and CEO



Dr.Uros Herlec

Main Geologist



Drasko Joci has a significant knowledge in managing project development activities and operations in the mining industry. He worked actively with developers and geologists where he assumed responsibilities of project analysis and implementation in West Africa for foreign investors. Recently, he contributed to launching of two small-scale gold mining operations in Mali. During 9 years of work abroad, he leveraged on the versatile knowledge from mining, logistics and modern economics while working with industry leaders. Co-founder of Cyprom Resources. He is passionate in identifying undiscovered inefficiencies and leveraging on their optimization. Speaks 4 languages.



Dr. Uros Herlec is overall competent person for the project. He has a doctorate in geology and is a professional natural scientist and full member of European Federation of Geologists (EFG), where he held position of Vice President for 3 years. Dr. Herlec has 27 years experience in mining, exploration, ore genetics studies and geology. Previously engaged in dozens of international exploration mining projects which successfully launched operations. Currently he provides geological expertise for the leading mining companies from Africa, Russia, Australia, South America and Canada. He has a critical insightful mining industry knowledge, which will enable us to initiate and run our mining operations. Professor of Geology in University of Ljubljana, Slovenia.

22



Ing. Vital Dittrich

Mine Engineer



Nadiorou Dabo

Country Manager



Ing. Vital Dittrich is an expert in the field of beneficiation plant design, installation, production and maintenance. During his 32 years of work in mining industry he was commissioning engineer and supervisor for more than 20 mines around the world with focus on the gold. He is senior consultant for the world's leading mineral processing company Metso Minerals. Under his vast engineering expertise some of the biggest mines successfully launched its operations such as Anglo Gold Iduapriem mine in Ghana, ALROSA Russia, Catoca diamond mine from Angola, Metso Minerals and others. He holds the Master of Science Degree from KTH Stockholm, Sweden.



Nadiorou Dabo, over 15 years, serves the leading gold mining companies operating in Mali such as Randgold Resources. Moreover, he is engaged in facilitating business processes for other international clients from mining sector in West Africa. Being constantly involved with arrangements pertaining to recruitment of human resources, technical, and legal support he delivers time-saving and efficient solutions which are crucial for smooth mining operations. With large machinery park for construction on disposal and experienced specialized staff from his side, we are able to minimize all controllable risks involved. Founder and CEO of Dabo & Compagnie.



Anthony Ashley lives and works in Africa for the last 15 years. While working in several countries in Africa as



manager of mining operations for the international gold mining companies he gained firsthand experience

Anthony Ashley from a variety of geological setups and mining conditions. Also, during his tenure in Africa he managed to



Mining Operations



actively involve himself into gold prospecting works what enabled him to conclude that West Africa stands



for the most suitable area for gold mining in terms of costs, logistics and potential. Responsible for



discovery and acquisition of the significant gold deposits in Ethiopia, Congo, Mali and Zimbabwe.



Ex-COO of Mineral Invest International. He is author of two gold mining books and has military background.



23



ICO DETAILS



Symbol



GEA (Goldea)



Total issue iCO duraon Token value



3,000,000 tokens

Pre-ICO: September  October, 2017 ICO: December  March, 2017/18

$6 per 1 GEA token on Pre-ICO $12-21 per 1 GEA during ICO



What represents GEA token 1 GEA token confirms profit share from the gold produced and sold



Regulaons



Any unallocated token will be cancelled through smart contract and new tokens will not be issued



Token access



All tokens issued and sold can be stored in the investor's account on the ICO website or sent to wallet of investor upon the end of ICO. GEA token have ERC20 standard and access is possible through Ethereum wallet



Token trading



Owners will be able to trade GEA tokens on cryptocurrency market one month aer the end of ICO

24



Bonuses in the stage of Pre-ICO



Bonuses in the stage of Pre-ICO



35% 30%

30% 25% 20% 15% 10% 5% 0%

1st week



20%



10%



2nd week



3rd week



Bonus %



5% 4th week



Bonuses in the stage of ICO



16%



14%



15%



12%

10% 8%



6%

4%



2%



0% 1st week



10%



5%



2nd week



3rd week



Bonus %



0% 4th week

25



ICO Structure



Token Distribuon

2% 1% 20%

77%



ICO Pre-ICO Bounty Pre-ICO



ICO Distribuon

3% 5% 17%

75%



Construcon Markeng Early Investors Conversion Fees

26



ROADMAP



2014-2016

Resource exploraon Team building Idenfying key contractors



Q2 2017

Blockchain idea White paper development ICO consulng



Q1 2018



Q3 2018



Infrastructure works Producon of gold plant



Gold exploitaon



September 2017



October 2017



Pre-ICO crowdfunding Markeng campaign



Development of smart contracts



November 2017

Jurisdicon setup



Q4 2018

Token buyback from the market (oponal)



Q1 2019

Development of new project



Q3 2019

Final preparaon works of new project



December 2017

ICO crowdfunding Token distribuon Integrang token on cryptoexchanges Token buyback from the early investors

Q1 2020

Expansion of producon capacies

27



CONCLUSION



GOLDEA Ethereum based blockchain project solves the problems of traditional investing in gold mining as it enables anyone and everywhere to become investor starting from 0.1 ETH

Ethereum blockchain eliminates intermediary cost, removes geographical barriers, avoid legal obstacles and time-consuming process for gold mining investors, and establishes transparent process on behalf of investors

GEA token introduces the next-generation gold mining investment tool which is 100% independent from the market volatility and can never be zero value

1 GEA token crowdfunding price varies between 6-21$ and reflects the corresponding share of generated gold output from the gold mine production

Pre-ICO and ICO stage will provide attractive bonuses to early birds

The project property is located in the most reachest West-African geological seting - Birimian belt

The property contains all indicators of gold discovery and tremendous potential and is adjacent from Randgold`s>2.5MM oz Morila discovered



Starting token value depends on initial funds raised and will grow as production continuous

The planned low-cost production concept is highly profitable and enables upgrade of capacities over time and will raise the token value

The project execution plan, legal scheme and competence is clearly demonstrated and minimizes all controllable risks



Gold Deposit

Team Gold Sale



Gold



Smart



Mining Contract



GOLDEA Token



Resources



Technology



Asset



With our gold deposit property in Mali located in well-known one of the richest gold geological settings (Birimian Belt), and critical experience which brings our team - we are assured in delivering execution of our plan to GOLDEA investors on the long run, what is only technically possible by utilizing the features of Ethereum blockchain. The next-generation gold mining community begins with us!

28



