GUIDE CRIPTOCURRENCY

TRADED FUNDS

The right solution can be simple

 2017 GuideCTF.com



1

Imagine one. How many people in the world want to invest in the crypto currency for a long time and yet do not understand which of the

digital currencies will remain relevant in a year, two, ten. We solve this problem.

INTRODUCTION

ETF (Exchange Traded Funds) is an easy way of getting access to a large investment pool without purchasing each tool separately. Instead of buying some company's shares that can either grow or drop, you can use ETF to invest into the index consisting of multiple companies belonging to the same field or reflecting the return of the whole country market. There are ETFs that trace indexes, economy sectors, countries, or gold.

According to BlackRock ETP Landscape Industry Highlights as of June 2013, over 80% of the US market was controlled by three management companies. BlackRock iShares is the absolute leader controlling 40% of the market, managing the assets of $0.57 trillion, followed by State Street (22%) and Vanguard (19.3%). The next in the rating are relatively small companies of the market: Invesco Power Shares (5.5%), Wisdom Tree Investments (2%), ProShares (1.7%), and

info@guidectf.com



2

Van Eck Global (1.4%), and, finally, 40 other managers share the rest 5.2% of the market.

By the end of May 2015, the global ETP market volume had reached $3 trillion. Goldman Sachs expects it to double by 2020.

Though the share of assets managed at the stock market through ETF is enormous, on the cryptocurrency market this business is just getting started. More and more people today understand the future of the cryptocurrency market and wish to contribute to the growth of this industry, but they lack an easy and convenient tool. But now, they have us.

OUR IDEA

Our idea is to create GuideCTF (Guide Cryptocurrency Traded Funds) management company for the ETF principle-based development and asset management.

Fund tokens will be traded on cryptocurrency stock markets and follow the CIV20 index dynamics.

CIV20 (coinindexvolume.com) is our development for easy and fast tracking of the major part of the cryptocurrency market. We work for our CIV20 index to serve as a basis for our first fund and become a benchmark for the whole global crypto community. This tool will be

info@guidectf.com



3

interesting for the investors who understand the prospects of crypto industry and wish to use it for getting fast and easy profit.

Our first fund will distribute assets between 20 most capitalized currencies, regularly rebalancing them depending on the volatility and liquidity of the market. This approach keeps the investor sure to hold only the best digital currencies at each moment of time. Even if some of the digital currencies lose their investment attractiveness, the fund replaces them with the better and stronger ones of the largest currencies existing.

WHY INVEST INTO OUR PRODUCT

1) Convenience and relevance for investments. It saves time and money spent on market review.

2) The fund token is not as likely to abruptly change its value as any independent currency, making it attractive, inter alia, for payment transactions.

3) Purchasing only one token of the fund, you diversify your investments, therefore, decreasing risks and maintaining high return potential.

4) The investor can always cancel his tokens in our company for a fair price regardless of volume. It is convenient when stock markets are not liquid enough.

info@guidectf.com



4

5) Any person can use our index to analyze current changes in the crypto currency market.

WHY ATTRACT OUTSIDE CAPITAL

Initially it was planned to launch the project with the assets attracted from a small circle of investors, but later we realized that it would be better and easier to "ask" the market whether this product is what it is looking for.

MAKING MANAGEMENT COMPANY ICO, WE FULFILL 4 TASKS AT A TIME

1) We learn the market's opinion of our idea to launch an ETF analogue on the crypto market;

2) We get the investments required for the development and management of funds;

3) We announce the emergence of an interesting product and whet appetite for the launch of the fund;

4) We get real ICO experience for the launch of future projects.

info@guidectf.com



5

HOW WE USE ATTRACTED ASSETS

1) Registration of the legal entity of GuideCTF Management Company (Singapore);

2) Fulfilling accounting procedure, registration in SEC (USA) and MAS (Singapore) under the new regulations for the ICO foundation and the management company;

3) Registration of the first CIV20 fund (Singapore); 4) Development of the fund management system; 5) Development of the corporate website and investor accounts; 6) Automation of the management processes, payment of the

fund shares; 7) Independent security audit; 8) Financial and operational audit of the fund and the

management company; 9) ICO of the first CIV20 fund; 10) ICO advertising campaign for GuideCTF Management

Company and the first CIV20 fund; 11) Legal assistance; 12) General production expenses; 13) Consulting service; 14) Team bonus based on the ICO results and fulfillment of the

provisions of "ICO based remuneration" section; 15) Salary for the management company employees; 16) Purchase of the required hardware;

info@guidectf.com



6

17) Office rent.

We also oblige to publish the details of our income and expenses at guidectf.com.

GAINS OF INVESTORS PARTICIPATING IN THE MANAGEMENT COMPANY ICO

The investor becomes a co-owner of GuideCTF Management Company, holding the share equal to that of the tokens he holds in the total pool. With the launch of our product we introduce a revolutionary solution for crypto investments, opening a new page in crypto market development; so, you will take part in the creation of a new era. Isn't it great?

Moreover, every six months GuideCTF Management Company shall pay the dividends constituting at least 25% of its net profit.

CAPITALIZATION GROWTH PROSPECTS

Management Company capitalization directly depends on the capitalization of its emitted assets. The more the net assets of the fund, the more is the asset management return. With the managed assets of $100 million, the forecasted return of the year is $6-8 million.

info@guidectf.com



7

We have a lot of interesting ideas for funds and strategies for increasing the efficiency and convenience of investing into crypto currency. It is a large way we start with small steps. We are most likely to start a payment system on the basis of the first fund for the counterparties to have a stronger "currency" for payments with free transactions.

The capitalization of the company is expected to grow as the word of our development spreads. As a rule, it happens fast.

BUSINESS GROWTH MODEL AND ATTRACTION OF ASSETS

The first step is the first emission of the fund tokens. Later we shall work on placing the tokens of our funds and the management company on the largest crypto currency stock exchanges. The fund tokens can be also purchased at our website after registration and authorization of the account.

Moreover, we plan to introduce a referral system for getting a share of the commission charge for the attracted assets management.

We have rich experience and a wide network in investment companies. Large investors are normally interested in crypto currency market, but they normally do not make decisions without their financial advisors. So, we create an opportunity for financial advisors and

info@guidectf.com



8

investment brokers to extend their business. We are ready to give 1/5 of our management remuneration to increase the equity in our foundations. As a result, it is intended to create a large agent network.

Such marketing activities as participation in crypto and investment forums can also contribute to the growth and recognizability of the company and the foundations.

We present a unique product on the crypto currency market, and the first one always has a better chance of becoming a long-term leader.

SECURITY AND TRUST

We are aware that in the world of investment and finance, successful work is usually based on trust. For this reason, we decided to publish the following financial information at our company's website guidectf.com: balance of our company's wallets, balance of the wallets with GCTF tokens belonging to the founders of the company. It ensures the transparency of the "roadmap" process and security from possible information attacks that happen so often in the Internet. Later the process of revenues and expenses transparency will be automated.

Moreover, the founders of the company (Oleg Naumovich and Egor Marchenko) concluded an agreement not to sell their shares or parts of their shares on the market earlier than 2 years after GuideCTF

info@guidectf.com



9



ICO. Of course, we do not plan to sell our shares; on the contrary, we intend to increase them by making purchases in the open market.



Distribution of the company's tokens GuideCTF



10% 45%

45%



Free-float

The founders

Optional program of top managers and partners



info@guidectf.com



10

EMISSION DATA

Title: GuideCTF (GCTF) Platform: Waves Total emission: 88 888 888 GCTF Free-float: 39 999 999.6 GCTF

Out of which, to be sold at pre-ICO: 5 333.333.3 GCTF To be sold at ICO: 34 666 666.3 GCTF Oleg Naumovich share: 17 777 777.6 GCTF Egor Marchenko share: 17 777 777.6 GCTF Stanislav Gaitsky share: 4 444 444.4 GCTF Share managed by GuideCTF: 8 888 888.8 GCTF Minimum volume to be attracted at ICO: $1 500 000 (equivalent in accepted crypto currencies) Minimum price of 1 GCTF at ICO: $0.0562 Maximum price of 1 GCTF at ICO: unlimited (price=attracted assets/34666666.3 GCTF) ICO placement: under open subscription  final price of GCTF token at the end of ICO will depend on the demand ICO start: 27.10.2017

info@guidectf.com



11

ICO finish: 29.12.2017

pre-ICO CONDITIONS

Fixed price token sales volume: 5 333 333.3 GCTF Price per 1 GCTF at pre-ICO: $0.0375 pre-ICO start: 05.10.2017 pre-ICO finish: 26.10.2017 or when the required sum of $200-230 thousand is collected

SPECIAL PROVISIONS

GCTF can be purchased with BTC, ETH, LT, Waves. Investors into GCTF tokens become co-owners of Guide Cryptocurrency Traded Funds Management Company. By the end of ICO and when the minimum amount of the attracted assets is achieved, we shall satisfy all GCTF purchase orders. If the amount of collected assets exceeds the minimum threshold, the suggested token emission block shall be distributed proportionally to the assets announced to participate in ICO, with the deduction for the bonus of the founders.

info@guidectf.com



12

If the amount of the attracted assets is below the minimum threshold, we reserve a right to cancel ICO and return the total amount of the assets attracted in the ICO process, or convert the them at the established minimum GCTF token price.

NOTE

The money raised in the pre-ICO process is non-refundable in any case, for these assets will be mostly spent on the ICO marketing campaign.

Due to the introduction of new financial regulation in the USA and Singapore, we do not accept the US and Singapore citizens for the preICO and ICO. From our side, we shall take all possible measures to keep citizens of the USA and Singapore away from asset placement.

ICO-BASED REMUNERATION

ICO preparation and the initial product development is a long and expensive process. For this reason, we consider it reasonable and fair to receive remuneration for the job done. If the collected assets exceed the minimum threshold of $1.5 million, the successful ICO bonus shall constitute 20% of the amount over the threshold, at the rate of the ICO finish date.

info@guidectf.com



13

The bonus shall be paid and distributed equally between all members of the team in the month following the ICO finish.

TEAM

Oleg Naumovich, 32. Idea generator, center of investment competence and asset management. 10 years' investment experience, 8 years' experience of private client advising and occupying different positions, including executive manager positions in the largest investment entities of Russia, FFMS certificate 1.0.

Egor Marchenko, 33. Technical guru, heart of the technical competence of our company. 19 years' experience of programming and sophisticated system development in the field of investments and digital solutions.

Stanislav Gaitsky, 32. PR expert, responsible for content development and promotion of the project in the Internet. 15 years' experience of working with top search engines and project Development for the largest internet companies of the world.

info@guidectf.com



14

ROADMAP

Stage 1 Jun-Jul 2017  Development of benchmark (index) for the cryptocurrency market Jul 2017  Real time index calculation Aug-Sep 2017  Business strategy and development plan preparation Oct 2017  pre-ICO marketing assets attraction Oct -Dec 2017  Marketing campaign Nov-Dec 2017  ICO startup capital attraction

Stage 2 Jan 2018  Registration of the management company as a legal entity (Jan-Mar2018  Registration in SEC and MAS) Feb-Apr 2018  Development of the company website and shareholders accounts Mar 2018  Issue and distribution of GTCF smart contracts May 2018  Listing of company contracts on stock exchanges

info@guidectf.com



15

Stage 3 May 2018  Registration of the fund management company May 2018  Issue of the investment fund smart contracts May-Jun 2018  Smart contract testing Jun-Jul 2018  Development of accounts (for fund shareholders and partners) Aug-Oct 2018  Security audit of the management company and the fund Sept-Oct 2018  Security audit of the system kernel Nov 2018  Registration in SEC and MAS Dec 2018  Fund token ICO Jan 2019  Placement on stock exchanges

Future development plans: - Business model conformance test - Corrections - Introduction of new foundations (Full Stage 3 cycle for each next foundation) - Payment system

info@guidectf.com



16

DISCLAIMER AND RESTRICTIONS

GuideCTF does not accept investments from the US and Singapore residents. We also do not accept investments in fiat currencies from any investors from any countries of the world. All economy of the company is based on crypto currency transactions.

For this reason, we disclaim all responsibility if any USA or Singapore citizens make a direct or indirect investment into GuideCTF without our knowledge and consent through a stock exchange infrastructure.

Moreover, we disclaim all responsibility if citizens of any other countries whose governments have also introduced any restrictions on investment into crypto currency make investments into our company without our knowledge. Such investors act at their own risk.

Note: This white paper can change as long as the project progresses. If you want to know more about us, please join our communities or subscribe to our newsletter.

info@guidectf.com



