INVESTMENT RESEARCH WILL NEVER BE THE SAME

White Paper

Version 1 From the founders of HADE Platform HADE.io



CONTENTS



Disclaimer



3



Vision



4



Value Proposition



6



Whitepaper Summary



7



Why BLOCKCHAIN



10



Hade Platform Market Overview



12



The HADE Difference: 5 Stages of Market Disruption



16



Phase 1: Create a Unique and Necessary Product



17



Phase 2: The HADE Token Giveaway



21



Phase 3: HADE Token Rewards



23



Phase 4: Advertise With HADE Token



24



HADE Token Advertising Value Proposition



25



Phase 5: HADE Store



26



HADE Token Market Opportunity



29



Other Expected Uses of Hade



31



Timeline



33



Anticpated Growth



34



Allocation HADE Token Structure



38



Use of Proceeds



39



Leadership Team



43



Advisors



45



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



2



DISCLAIMER

The information set forth below may not be exhaustive and does not imply any elements of a contractual relationship. While we make every effort to ensure that any material in this white paper is accurate and up to date, such material in no way constitutes the provision of professional advice. HADE Platform does not guarantee, and accepts no legal liability whatsoever arising from or connected to, the accuracy, reliability, currency, or completeness of any material contained in this white paper. Investors and potential HADE token holders should seek appropriate independent professional advice prior to relying on, or entering into any commitment or transaction based on material published in this white paper, whereas material is purely published for reference purposes alone.

HADE tokens will not be intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.

HADE Platform does not provide opinions or any advice to purchase, sell, or otherwise transact with HADE tokens and the fact of presentation of this white paper shall not form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with any contract or investment decision. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of HADE tokens, and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this white paper.

IMPORTANT

You are not eligible and you are not to purchase HADE tokens if you are a citizen or resident (tax or otherwise) of Singapore, or other Singapore Person. "Singapore Person" is generally defined as a natural person, residing in the Singapore or any entity organized or incorporated under the laws of Singapore.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



3



VISION

We aim to become the world's largest network for investment research by utilizing blockchain technology with machine learning, data visualization, data analysis, and artificial intelligence with plans to disrupt a $50 billion industry.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



4



DATA VISUALIZATION



ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE



MACHINE LEARNING



BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY



DATA ANALYSIS



We built a platform that can redefine the standard for equity research with superior products and services to the legacy offerings of our competitors. We believe that our ready-to-use HADE Platform will do just that; and we aim to take our vision one step further with the inclusion of blockchain technology to launch premium services, an advertisement network, as well as to promote social engagement on our platform via a reward system.

The HADE Platform was built around the deployment of innovating technologies such as: data visualization, data analytics, machine learning, and artificial intelligence that will push boundaries, lower costs, and significantly improve the quality of legacy financial services. We believe that blockchain technologies and HADE Token are crucial elements of that vision, in which our entire business is built around, and that HADE Platform is the first and only product that will actually bridge the gap between fiat and cryptocurrency investors with products & services to serve both groups in one place.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



5



SUMMARY OVERVIEW

Total Company Valuation $20 Million Amount Raised in $10 Million Token Sale

Price Per HADE Token 1 ETH = 5,800 HADE Total Tokens 240 Million

Offered in Token Sale 120 Million



All HADE bonuses and incentives to be determined at the time of the token sale.



We aim to raise approximately $10 million by selling 50% of all outstanding HADE Token at 1 ETH = 5,800 HADE per token in a Token Sale. Those who purchase HADE Token during the Token Sale will receive bonuses that will be determined at the time of the Token Sale. We will also allocate 10% of all HADE Token for our rewards program, plus any additional tokens that are unsold during the token sale.



Once owners of HADE Token, by either rewards or purchase during Token Sale, there will be two key spending options available within the next six months: Premium services or to convert as advertising spots. And this does not include additional uses in our pipeline.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



6



HADE Token on the HADE Platform



GET HADE TOKENS







 Buy HADE Tokens in



Earn HADE Tokens



Token Sale (50% of supply)



with HADE Rewards (10% of Supply)





Bonus HADE Token



(10% of supply)











SPEND HADE TOKENS











Purchase Premium Services in HADE Store



Convert HADE Tokens to ad spots that advertisers purchase on HADE Platform with USD



The HADE Platform is the world's first database built around the inclusion of companyspecific information. HADE leverages what we believe is the world's most valuable database with cutting edge data visualization, data analytics, machine learning, artificial intelligence, and now blockchain technology. We believe that blockchain technology will become a crucial component of our platform for reasons that relate to security, identification, transparency, and product development.



Built around the inclusion of company-specific information.



As a result of our technology, we can offer superior versions of services that top financial information technology service providers charge upwards of $20,000 annually for! We believe that offering these services free of charge gives us a unique opportunity to reach millions of monthly users and convert many more as premium users of our best products and services.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



7



Our Goal by



October 2020



Forward Revenue Rate $250,000,000



Monthly Users



5,000,000



Paid Users



50,000



MORE LEVERAGE WITH ADVERTISERS TO DEMAND PREMIUM RATES

By incorporating blockchain technology and HADE Token Rewards to promote the sharing and creation of exclusive content, we believe HADE Platform can improve its Facebook-like engagement to achieve an even greater social effect.



We believe that if our plan is executed properly that we can be on pace to create at least $250,000,000 in annual revenue by October 2020. Furthermore, we expect to have at least 5,000,000 monthly active users and 50,000 paid users. While this may seem like an overly optimistic goal, we believe the advantages of our platform including a "freemium" business model coupled with plans to expand our reach by replicating our existing database and products with a focus on alternative investments (Crypto-Currency Database) that our targets are far more realistic than overly optimistic.



Visualize Company Data in Charts Data on 1000s of Companies Stock Screeners

Unique, Company Specific Data Data Analysis Tools

Real Time News Feed Earnings Predictions Earnings Predictions from Machine Learning & Al 3 Year Company Revenue Outlook 3 Year Outlook For Company Specific Product & Services Access to Research Reports Real Time, 30 Page Research Reports From Al Cancel Anytime, Satisfaction Guaranteed Real Time Stock Grades on 1000s of Securities



HADE Platform





Reuters Eikon Bloomberg Portal







































































































































































Valuation $20 Million $33 Billion $45 Billion



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



8



WHY BLOCKCHAIN?



MOST OBVIOUS WAYS THAT HADE PLATFORM WILL USE BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY



1 - Customer and user ac-

count verification



2 - Payment processing

from customers and organizations



3 - Improved security for

database and our customers against cyber-crime



These three benefits will be seen immediately as we deploy and integrate blockchain technologies, and HADE Token will be an equally large component in realizing these benefits. Naturally, these benefits give us yet another advantage over the competition.

OUR DATABASE & TECHNOLOGY WITH BLOCKCHAIN

However, deploying blockchain to improve our database and the trust our customers have in our data could play a huge role in gaining ground on market leaders in our industry.



Customers often wonder how reliable is data. The HADE Platform prides itself in having the most reliable database due to our manual collection, review, and quality control process before any information is added to our database. However, being able to source the origination of each data point in a decentralized, verifiable, immutable ledger would be game-changing as a way to support the accuracy, management, and reliability of our database, which is the most important component to our business.



In addition to gaining greater confidence and certainty about the origin of data, we believe shared data could take our artificial intelligence capabilities and insights to the next level. The use of blockchain with our database will lead to more data, and thereby increase our capabilities with entirely new models.

WITH BLOCKCHAIN, THE DAYS OF TRUSTING DATA, RESEARCH, AND ITS CONCLUSIONS ARE OVER. WITH BLOCKCHAIN, DATA IS VERIFIABLE, AND THAT IS AN ABSOLUTE GAMECHANGER FOR EARLY ADOPTERS OF THE TECHNOLOGY, LIKE HADE PLATFORM.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



9



BLOCKCHAIN: THE PERFECT ADVERTISEMENT SYSTEM

What's great about blockchain is it gives us the power to make leaps forward that were never before possible with technology. It takes every innovating technology we utilize and makes it even better. The same applies with our services.

With the integration of blockchain, we will build the world's first fully transparent advertising system to enforce accountability, and thereby deliver unprecedented results for ad campaigns. By developing an advertising system from the ground up with the integration of blockchain, deceiving advertisers with inflated impressions will be a thing of the past. And we believe this will make our platform more attractive for advertisers, because with blockchain, conversions are verifiable, as is the audience who is viewing advertisements.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



10



MARKET OVERVIEW HADE PLATFORM

Thomson Reuters and Bloomberg are multi-billion dollar companies that derive the overwhelming majority of their revenues from premium financial services. Most individual investors can't afford these services, thereby limiting use to finance professionals who can pay upwards of $20,000 each year for services. As seen in the following chart, the HADE Platform provides the same core services to individuals for free that one gets by using the Bloomberg Terminal or Thomson Reuters' flagship product, the Reuters Eikon.



Ycharts HADE Platform Reuters Eikon Bloomberg Terminal



$1,000



Visualize Company Data in Charts







Data on 1000s of Companies







Stock Screeners







Unique, Company Specific Data







Data Analysis Tools







Real Time News Feed







Earnings Predictions







Earnings Predictions from Machine Learning & Al







3 Year Company Revenue Outlook







 3 Year Outlook For Company Specific Product Services



Access to Research Reports







Real Time, 30 Page Research Reports From AI







Cancel Anytime, Satisfaction Guaranteed







Real Time Stock Grades on 1000s of Securities







Mobile Applications







$2,000

             

Coming Soon



$1,800

              



$2,200

              



Trade From Platform







Coming Soon











HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



11



Competitors like Bloomberg, Reuters, and even YCharts, all mainly use the same database of basic company and financial information, so the user can easily access the revenue, profit, expenses, and other basic financial information of a potential investment. Our database contains more than 100,000 data categories, which means we go well beyond basic financial information. We track the data that really matters to an investor, such as the following:



What makes us different is that our entire product is built around a unique database of company information and next generation technology, like machine learning and artificial intelligence.



BASIC DATA



Revenue Total Assets Gross Profit



UNIQUE DATA



New Stores

America Total Stores

America Licensed Revenue

Foodservice Revenue

Americas Operating Income



Revenue Total Assets Gross Profit



Revenue Total Assets Gross Profit



Active Customer Accounts Number of Transactions Total Payment Volume United States Revenue



Average Overnight Package

Average Daily Freight Shipments

Internaional Domestic Revenue

Express Total Revenue



Transaction Revenue



Ground Fuel Expense



WE LITERALLY STRIP MORE THAN 4,000 COMPANIES IN OUR DATABASE DOWN TO THEIR CORE.

THEREFORE, WE BELIEVE, THAT GIVES US THE WORLD'S MOST VALUABLE DATABASE.

Over the last year we have built a network of products, services, and tools around our database, that utilize the world's most innovating technology. This will allow us to offer services and products that we believe will redefine the equity research industry altogether; such as real time in-depth research reports and stock grades on more than 4,000 companies from machine learning and artificial intelligence technology.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



12



How big is our market? Over $50 Billion!



Reuters and Bloomberg are a duopoly in the premium financial services space, but neither reach the total addressable market of investors because of their respective price. Still, even with a relatively low penetration of the overall investment research community, these companies generate large sums of revenue. It is believed that the overwhelming majority of Thomson Reuters' $4.7 billion in subscription revenue from its Financial & Risk segment came from Eikon last year. And according to a report by Burton-Taylor International, Bloomberg Terminal subscriptions finished 2016 at 324,485 and created $9.18 billion in revenue. While both companies can create meaningful revenue from their user base and premium products, the chart below illustrates how far even the larger Bloomberg is from peak penetration of those who do monthly investment research.



UNIQUE MONTHLY USERS AS OF JULY 2017



70 million 60 million 50 million 40 million 30 million 20 million 10 million

13 Million



19 Million



22 Million



40 Million



70 Million



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



13



TOTAL ADDRESSABLE MARKET OVER $50 BILLION

We believe that HADE Platform can bridge this massive gap between premium financial services offered by the likes of Bloomberg and the companies with a larger network of users that perform research on free platforms. This will provide a unique opportunity to capitalize on premium financial service users and the larger free user base via advertising.



$15 Billion

$36 Billion

Estimated Social Media Ad Spend Estimated Premium Financial Service Revenue from Reuters & Bloomberg



In order to do so successfully, blockchain technology and HADE Token, will play a crucial role in both monetizing and keeping users engaged on the HADE Platform, so that we can become the world's largest user network for investment; and penetrate our $51 billion addressable market.



What's even better, is that our long-term vision spans well beyond equity research.

We have a plan in place to penetrate the online brokerage industry and create a new industry for cryptocurrency research that could double our addressable market longterm.



FOR THE TIME BEING, WE WILL FOCUS ON PENETRATING OUR CORE $51 BILLION MARKET. THE ACTUAL PLAN ON HOW TO ACHIEVE THIS GOAL IS PRESENTED NEXT AS "THE HADE DIFFERENCE: 5 STAGES OF MARKET DISRUPTION"



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



14



THE HADE DIFFERENCE 5 STAGES OF MARKET DISRUPTION

HADE PLATFORM

PHASE 1 DEVELOPMENT 2015



PHASE 2



THE HADE GIVEAWAY



2017-2018



PHASE 3



HADE TOKEN REWARDS



2018



PHASE 4



ADVERTISE WITH HADE TOKEN



2018



PHASE 5 HADE STORE 2018



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



15



PHASE 1 CREATE A UNIQUE & NECESSARY PRODUCT 2015

The HADE Platform provides a multitude of services, all of which could demand a premium monthly price. It is the world's first collection of financial services created from machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence to serve finance professionals, individual investors, and institutions, for the purpose of company information and equity research. What makes these products and services possible is our database, with unique historical data that can't be found anywhere else.

In Phase 1, since we could not acquire the data, we had to create our unique database and the platform that surrounds it. In order to do so, we had to manually search through company reports for each quarter on thousands of companies. Then we collect data, quality check data, and finally upload the information into our database. This ongoing project required many full time data analysts who manually collected and updated company information. These analysts have manually collected nearly 4,000,000 unique data points that fall in over 100,000 categories on more than 4,500 companies. We made the HADE Platform so that a user can access any one of these data points with the click of a button. A user can then compare any one data point to any other data point they choose, which enables them to then analyze whatever data points they choose.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



16



While many competitors such as Reuters, Bloomberg, and Morningstar have their own respective databases of company information, The HADE Platform is different because it includes the unique company data that can't be found anywhere else.



Here is an image that shows some unique data for MGM Resorts and Visa. You may think that MGM's Las Vegas Strip Occupancy Rate, Bellagio revenue, or its Casino revenue is irrelevant. However, if you are an investor who is trying to find areas of disconnect among various casinos, this detailed data is the difference in determining which would be a good, bad, or great company to invest in. Or, maybe you are a Las Vegas entertainer or an entrepreneur, seeking information that can help you in contract negotiations or planning an expansion; HADE Platform is where you can find the information you need.



MGM



&







VISA





UNIQUE DATA

^^ Las Vegas Strip Occupancy Rate ^^ Casino Revenue ^^ Rooms Revenue ^^ Bellagio Revenue ^^ The Mirage Revenue ^^ Excalibur Operating Income ^^ Casino Expense



UNIVERSAL DATA

^^ Revenue ^^ Gross Profit ^^ Net Income ^^ Operating Income ^^ SG&A Expenses ^^ R&D Expense ^^ Total Assets



UNIQUE DATA

^^ Credit & Debit Volume ^^ U.S. Credit & Debit Volume ^^ Canada Payment Transactions ^^ Service Revenue ^^ Data Processing Revenue ^^ Credit Payment Volume ^^ Europe Credit & Debit Payment

Volume



Before the HADE Platform, investors would have to manually search for unique company data in SEC filings and company earning reports. Investors would seek this data because it is what often determines whether a company is a good or bad investment. What we did was put all that data in one place for investors to access with the click of a button. We developed the industry's most innovating visualization technology, and incorporated unmatched analysis technology to give users the ability to compare and contrast any combination of data points. This accelerates the research process that goes into finding a good investment, and by itself, is a product that institutions would pay to access.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



17



We did not stop there. With such an impressive, unmatched database, we created product after product, and incorporated the world's best technology throughout. We invested resources in machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence. Now, an investor can simultaneously rank more than 4,500 companies or produce real time research reports on any company with the click of a button. In addition to this breakthrough technology, we also have interactive predictions and forecasts that look several years into the future by using machine learning algorithms. These algorithms were 63% more accurate than the Wall Street consensus estimates; that virtually all investment banks, money managers, financial advisors, and investors alike, use to determine a company's revenue for the coming quarter or year.

HOW CAN WE ACCOMPLISH WHAT NO OTHER COMPANY IN OUR INDUSTRY HAS?

It all goes back to our database. Since we have the data that no one else has, we can analyze companies and potential investments in ways that have never been done. As a result, our service has proven itself extremely useful to finance professionals and individual investors alike.

In a trial of 65 random finance professionals and individual investors, the average time spent on the HADE Platform per user was 27 minutes and 47 seconds per session, with nearly 30 pages per session. That compares very well to top social networks like Facebook and Snapchat that make a fortune from advertising.

AVERAGE TIME SPENT PER DAY

YOUTUBE - 40MIN TWITTER - 1MIN INSTAGRAM - 15MIN

SNAPCHAT - 25MIN

THE HADE PLATFORM - 28 MIN FACEBOOK - 35MIN



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



18



As a result, we succeeded in Phase 1 by creating a useful, powerful, truly unique and absolutely necessary product that we believe will become the new standard for equity research and company information technology. However, our success does not mean we will stop with the development of Phase 1.

We will continuously strengthen our existing database, apply new technologies, and in early 2018 will begin the development of a new database with the same technology for cryptocurrencies and alternative investment information and analysis. We will not only become the go-to platform for company and financial information and analysis, but also the information and analysis of cryptocurrencies, Token Sales, mutual funds, real estate investment trusts, and fixed income investments among others.

You can see our development timeline for our crypto-currency database and products, which will create a new industry that we believe could generate even more revenue long-term than our business in equity research software and services, where we expect to operate on a $250 million revenue run rate by October 2020.

Crypto Currency Database Development Timeline

NOV 2017 - Code, structure, and prepare for Crypto-Currency Database JAN 2018 - Begin Data Collection, Quality Control, and Integration to crypto

database

MAR 2018 - Apply visualization and analysis technologies to crypto database APR 2018 - Launch crypto visualization and analysis product to HADE users MAY 2018 - Begin 3 month ML Analysis & Monitoring AUG 2018 - Apply ML Algorithms to Data results continuous feed of new data

Beta Launch: Token Sale Trends & Success Prediction

SEPT 2018 - Apply AI Program for Analyzation & Feedback NOV 2018 - 3 Beta Launches: Top Crypto Currencies (Value, Usage, Upside) DEC 2018 - Beta Launch Token Sale Scam & Risk Grades FEB 2019 - Analyze AI: 5 Premium Crypto-Currency Beta Services APR 2019 - Adjust Algorithms and Reapply with 2 month test MAY 2019 - Form crypto-currency exchange and investment products from

accumulated data and AI



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



19



PHASE 2 THE HADE GIVEAWAY 2017-2018



We are going to give HADE Platform and nearly all of its services away for free. Over the course of time, this action will cause disruption to the company information technology industry. Investors will find it difficult to pay $1,000 per month for charting services, or $2,000 each month for even the most wide ranging legacy service providers when they can get most of the valuable services they desire for free, with better technology and a superior database.



Ycharts HADE Platform Reuters Eikon Bloomberg Terminal



$1,000



Visualize Company Data in Charts







Data on 1000s of Companies







Stock Screeners







Unique, Company Specific Data







Data Analysis Tools







Real Time News Feed







Earnings Predictions







Earnings Predictions from Machine Learning & Al







3 Year Company Revenue Outlook







 3 Year Outlook For Company Specific Product Services



Access to Research Reports







$2,000

          



$1,800

          



$2,200

          



Real Time, 30 Page Research Reports From AI



















Cancel Anytime, Satisfaction Guaranteed



















Real Time Stock Grades on 1000s of Securities



















Mobile Applications







Coming Soon











Trade From Platform







Coming Soon











Our intention is to introduce traditional investors to the crypto-currency market slowly, and introduce tokenized investment funds even slower. In the long run, we believe this will be a far more effective strategy for achieving long-term, sustainable adoption to an alternative, but cheaper and more secure type of investing.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



20



Our goal in Phase 2 is to grow our network to more than 5,000,000 monthly active users within 36 months. By giving away such valuable products and services, we believe our goal will be met. The goal in Phase 2 is to create the best possible customer experience, retain all users, and to continuously grow our user base.

During this 36 month span, we aim to grow the network; disrupting the services and business models of our competitors, develop new technologies and services that are currently in our pipeline, collect and analyze internal data; to ensure that Phases 3, 4 and 5 are a success as we roll out HADE Token Rewards, HADE Advertising Network, and the HADE Store.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



21



PHASE 3 HADE TOKEN REWARDS 2018

The growth and user base of our platform will allow us to build a social network of sorts where we can incorporate many tools like chat, message boards, and instant messaging to keep users engaged and sharing the ideas they form by using the HADE Platform.

On the HADE Platform, it is possible to create billions of different charts, all of which tell a story about a specific company. One reason that users spend so much time on the HADE Platform is because there are so many services, companies, and so much data to consume. One person could not possibly absorb it all.

However, a network of users working together and sharing thoughts could, and therefore would create a more valuable product in the process. That is why we aim to introduce HADE Rewards in the first quarter of 2018.

HADE Rewards will create a system for delivering HADE Token to users who achieve certain milestones or carry out certain functions to encourage users to be social, share the content they create, and play their part in making the HADE Platform the best possible experience for all users. These HADE Token rewards will range from:

^^Publish the charts and content you create to the HADE Platform network ^^Achieve milestones such as 30 likes or comments on content you publish to the

HADE Platform Network. ^^Promote the HADE Platform with referrals ^^Improve the functionality with bug reports and contacting us with any

visualization or analysis issues

The exact number of HADE Tokens per action will be determined at a later time as we near deployment of Phase 3. What we do know is that users are more likely to be engaged when content is original and diverse. With the HADE Token Reward Program, the quality and quantity of content will improve and a social network amongst all investors will be created. Meanwhile, the adoption of HADE Token will serve as the building blocks for the bridge that will connect traditional to cryptocurrency investors, thereby setting the stage for large scale success in Phase 4 and Phase 5.

We will allocate approximately 10% of all outstanding HADE Token to our Rewards Program.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



22



PHASE 4 ADVERTISE WITH HADE TOKEN 2018

Once we surpass 500,000 monthly active users and grow in usage and consumption, advertising opportunities will be created. Those opportunities will only grow as we approach 5,000,000 monthly active users.

Our business is built on staying ahead of the competition and deploying the most innovating technologies that exist. Blockchain is undoubtedly a natural part of the HADE Platform's evolution, creating a more secure network for transactions that is cost effective. That's why we will use HADE Token as a future component of all transactions that take place on our platform. This includes, but is not limited to, advertisers, partners, and customers.

AVERAGE TIME SPENT PER DAY

YOUTUBE - 40MIN TWITTER - 1MIN INSTAGRAM - 15MIN

SNAPCHAT - 25MIN



THE HADE PLATFORM - 28 MIN FACEBOOK - 35MIN

As seen in the above chart, usage on HADE Platform is very impressive with virtually no social media like presence. With the inclusion of HADE Token Rewards, we believe our platform will become a social network of sorts for the large finance community, thereby keeping the average time spent on our platform high on a large scale.

With an addressable market of 70 million potential users, expected social media-like usage, the usefulness of our program, coupled with the HADE Token Rewards program; we believe the HADE Platform can penetrate the $36 billion social media advertising market, thereby creating meaningful usage potential for HADE Token.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



23



HADE Token Advertising Value Proposition



As detailed in the "Anticipated by two things: The size of our



Growth" section of this White- network and the engagement



paper, ad spending should



of our users. The value of



naturally rise as our user base HADE Token will largely fluctu-



grows and remains engaged. ate according to the demand



We can keep users engaged, of advertising on our network,



sharing ideas, and conversing and the demand for premium



throughout the day by using services in the HADE Store.



the HADE Token Rewards pro-



gram. As a result, advertisers A HADE Token owner will be



will see our platform as a way able to convert their currency



to reach potential customers. to a variety of advertising



products and be compensated



However, advertising won't



via USD that the advertiser



just benefit the advertisers, pays. Conversely, advertis-



but rather owners of HADE



ers may purchase their own



Token. Those who own HADE HADE Token at market value



Token, can use their tokens to advertise on the network.



to sell advertising spots via



Advertisers who wish to pay in



conversion. Much like all ad- USD, will still purchase HADE



vertising networks, the value Token indirectly from own-



of our ads will be determined ers. We believe this will tie our



entire advertising platform to HADE Token, an advertising network that we expect to create nearly $50 million annually by the start of 2021. This not only creates a more secure advertising network, but also incorporates blockchain technology to maintain better accounts of transactions, advertising prices, and advertising performance. Eventually, we believe the technology we develop for delivering, purchasing, and pricing advertisements can be used on third-party sites to achieve the same benefits that blockchain gives us. Therefore, we will seek additional partners to deliver ads from our network that use HADE Token.



HADE ADVERTISING NETWORK WITH HADE TOKEN



ADVERTISER



HADE TOKEN OWNER CONVERTS TO AD SPOT











Buys HADE Token



Advertiser Converts HADE Token ad spot for use



Advertiser buys converted ad spot with USD



Ad rates are determined by supply, demand, user growth, and engagement of users on the platform.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



24



PHASE 5 HADE STORE 2018



The HADE Store will be an ever-evolving hub for premium financial services within our platform. This will include HADE Platform premium services and that of other financial service providers. While we present HADE Store as the fifth stage in our disruption process, it will likely be the first or second deployed use of HADE Token since three of our premium services are ready for purchase at this time.



With that said, the HADE Store will be add on items that users can purchase to add value to their HADE Dashboard of services. This will be the first time we put our blockchain technology to use by allowing users to subscribe to additional services with HADE Token and USD as payment options.



10 HADE STORE PRODUCTS IN THE PIPELINE



- Portfolio risk analysis from - Token Sale trends from - Real-time Token Sale



artificial intelligence



machine learning



research reports from



machine learning and Al



- Macro analysis and



- Potential Token Sale scams



predictions for product



from machine learning and - Real-time exchange traded



and service categories (ie artificial intelligence



crypto-currency research



smartphone unit sales



reports from machine



outlook, PaaS outlook)



- Token Sale risk analysis learning & Al



from machine learning and



- Takeover and buyout



artificial intelligence



- Mutual Fund breakdown



predictions from machine



and alternative solutions



learning and artificial



- Top 25 crypto-currencies from artificial intelligence



intelligence



by value, upside, and usage



from machine learning



By incorporating blockchain technology and HADE Token into our equity research platform, we have a great opportunity to bridge two investment worlds, traditional with crypto-currency. Many traditional investors who have never owned a cryptocurrency will be exposed to its usage on the HADE Platform. Therefore, with a network of crypto-currency owners and traditional investors, we will create services and products within the HADE Store to serve all while expanding our platform's free usage to serve more customers.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



25



At its core, HADE Platform is a diversified database of company and financial information with products and services built around that database for the purpose of analysis. We will continue to grow our database horizontally and vertically with the addition of real estate investment trusts, mutual funds, ETFs, fixed income investments, along with crypto-currencies and Token Sales.

In fact, incorporating a leading database that strips crypto-currencies and Token Sales down to their core, and applies the industry's best technology for sound analysis is the next component of building our unique product. Much like we create real time research reports with the click of a button for stock analysis, crypto investors will be able to do the same for Token Sales or exchange traded tokens.

As a result, we will be able to create many premium services for investors of all types, which we believe will result in significantly higher premium service revenue and a higher conversion of free to paid users.

With that said, Stages 1, 2, and 3 will further ensure that the HADE Store's ongoing development will be a success. By creating an absolutely necessary breakthrough service that eliminates the need for competing premium financial services (Stage 1) we ensure that the HADE Platform is a service that all investors and cryptocurrency owners will use. By letting users access this product for free (Stage 2) we increase the likelihood of large scale usage, and surpassing our 5,000,000 monthly active user goal.

The integration of blockchain, HADE Token, and the HADE Token Reward Program is without question the most crucial elements of our business (Stage 3). At this point in our business cycle we have a large network of crypto-currency and traditional investors on our platform, and through the use of our reward program, we expect thousands of traditional investors to own HADE Token who were not previously owners of crypto-currencies. We believe this will increase the likelihood of greater diversification into cryptocurrencies and the purchase of products and services on HADE



Crypto Currency Database Development Timeline:

NOV 2017 Code, struc-

ture, and prepare for CryptoCurrency Database

JAN 2018 Begin Data

Collection, Quality Control, and Integration to crypto database

MAR 2018 Apply visualiza-

tion and analysis technologies to crypto database

APR 2018 Launch crypto

visualization and analysis product to HADE users

MAY 2018 Begin 3 month

ML Analysis & Monitoring

AUG 2018 Apply ML Algo-

rithms to Data results continuous feed of new data Beta Launch: Token Sale Trends & Success Prediction

SEPT 2018 Apply AI Pro-

gram for Analyzation & Feedback

NOV 2018 3 Beta Launch-

es: Top Crypto Currencies (Value, Usage, Upside)

DEC 2018 Beta Launch

Token Sale Scam & Risk Grades

FEB 2019 Analyze AI: 5

Premium Crypto-Currency Beta Services

APR 2019 Adjust Algo-

rithms and Reapply with 2 month test

MAY 2019 Form crypto-

currency exchange and investment products from accumulated data and AI



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



26



The premium services we will sell in the HADE Store are cutting edge beyond anything in the multi-billion dollar equity research industry. Three of these services are already created and market ready, and what's so appealing about these services is that A) they are real time and B) compare any company against 1,000s of others to truly allow investors to find misplaced bets.



^^Real time research reports on any company in our database with the click of a button.



^^A service that grades all companies in our database for its attractiveness as a value/growth investment opportunity.



^^A service that grades all companies in our database for its attractiveness as a dividend investment opportunity.



These are services that many in our large network of users will purchase. Since many of these users will own HADE Token via the Token Rewards Program, using HADE Token for services will be a popular choice. We believe there are many ways in which the HADE Store will encourage the use and purchase of HADE Token.



Hade store will:



^^Allow users who own HADE Token to purchase premium services.

^^Promote the purchase of additional HADE Tokens for users who have earned or bought some HADE Token, but don't own enough to purchae premium services.

^^Showcase the increased security profile with blockchain technology and cryptocurrency to investors with no previous ownership or usages.



^^Encourage the use of HADE Token over USD at a discount because it is cheaper to process.

^^Incentivize the participants of HADE Token Rewards to accelerate their contributions to the program.

^^Give traditional investors a sense of familiarity and comfort with using cryptocurrencies to make real life purchases.



^^Let traditional investors see first-hand the benefits of cryptocurrencies over USD to purchase services where the risk of security breach could regularly be a concern.

^^Prepare our large user base for more cryptocurrency products to come.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



27



HADE TOKEN MARKET OPPORTUNITY



We believe the HADE Store has a huge opportunity in the premium financial services space, an arena where Reuters and Bloomberg created nearly $15 billion combined last year. With what we believe are superior services, the opportunity to create meaningful revenue from the HADE Store, with HADE Token, could be unprecedented for a crypto-currency.



As explained in Phase 3, which detailed why we believe the HADE Platform will penetrate the social media advertisement spending market, coupled with our target market of premium financial services, we estimate our total addressable market at $51 billion for HADE Platform's core service related to equity research.



We believe that HADE Platform will eventually surpass $1 billion in annual revenue from the HADE Store and HADE Advertising as we pursue crypto-currency research, online brokerage, and investment products.



While it is difficult to accurately predict what percent of our transactions and revenue will derive from HADE Token, we do believe it will be a meaningful share. Our goal is for more than 50% of all transactions on the HADE Platform to be done via blockchain and HADE Token. With a HADE Rewards program in place coupled with the cost effectiveness and improved security profile involved with blockchain, we expect to reach our goal of having more than 50% of all transactions done on the HADE Platform with HADE Token and blockchain.



TOTAL ADDRESSABLE MARKET OVER $50 BILLION

$15 Billion

$36 Billion

Estimated Social Media Ad Spend Estimated Premium Financial Service Revenue from Reuters & Bloomberg



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



28



Below is a list of 10 premium services in our pipeline that will soon arrive in the HADE Store. All of these services are driven by machine learning algorithms, artificial intelligence, and analysis of our current or a future database.



- Portfolio risk analysis from artificial intelligence

- Macro analysis and predictions for product and service categories (i.e. smartphone unit sales outlook, PaaS outlook)



- Token Sale risk analysis from machine learning and artificial intelligence

- Top 25 crypto-currencies by value, upside, and usage from machine learning



- Takeover and buyout predictions from machine learning and artificial intelligence



- Real-time Token Sale research reports from machine learning and Al



- Token Sale trends from machine learning

- Potential Token Sale scams from machine learning and artificial intelligence



- Real-time exchange traded crypto-currency research reports from machine learning & Al

- Mutual Fund breakdown and alternative solutions from artificial intelligence



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



29



OTHER EXPECTED USES OF HADE TOKEN



1. Enterprise Customer Accounts



The HADE Platform project began with building a unique database coupled with the best visualization and analysis technology. The ideas to incorporate machine learning algorithms, artificial intelligence, and to build products around the database came as the platform was under development. We found new ways to use the database.

We believe HADE Token will be similar.

We know that HADE Token will use blockchain technology for the purchase of advertisements, premium services, and a reward system. However, we also believe HADE Token could play an important role with our enterprise customers who license our services on a company designated subdomain (ie AbcFinance.HADEPlatform.



com). Our enterprise customers access all free, plus premium HADE Platform services, employee productivity tools, customer relationship management tools, and corporate communication products from their HADE Platform company subdomain.

These enterprise customers who use the HADE Platform to decrease their costs due to more effective research and employee coordination are more productive by using our management tools; and increase their returns and revenue through better communication and illustrations to clients, pay six and seven figures annually for the service. We believe HADE Token could be used as a partial or full payment for service. This is certainly something we will work to perfect.



2. Tokenized investment funds and brokerage services



One of our goals is to allow direct trading from HADE Platform and become an online brokerage with company created mutual funds. It is a goal that will likely take two



years, and succeeding at all levels of our 5 Phases of market disruption to achieve this goal. However, we believe it will be well worth the time, energy, and wait in the end.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



30



Another goal is to create a multitude of investment products such as mutual funds and ETFs that are sold from our platform. Unlike traditional products, with analysts and portfolio managers in place to allocate and rebalance the holdings of these products; we aim to significantly cut costs by deploying the technology we use at the HADE Platform.

Already, we are tracking and storing real time stock data for more than 4,000 companies each and every day. We are applying data for those companies not found anywhere else. From this information, coupled with machine learning algorithms, we have managed to determine the metrics that really matter in regards to stock performance.

We look at more than 200 factors for each company, every day, and then each factor is given a score. The cumulative score equals its grade, whether it be for dividend, value, or growth stocks. We aim to create funds and other investment products from this technology, the same technology that predicted future revenue 63% better than Wall Street consensus estimates in the second quarter.

By using machine learning algorithms and artificial intelligence to create, manage, and rebalance investment products, we won't have the high costs associated with creating and managing funds that a Fidelity, Vanguard, or Franklin Templeton have. Since our potential buyers will derive from our plat-



form and will see our technology at work for two years, our marketing, advertising, and customer acquisition costs will be lower too. Finally, if we can incorporate blockchain and crypto-currencies like HADE Token into the purchasing of these products, our costs will be even lower while being able to ensure the highest security profile for our customers. Long-term, we believe it may even be possible to create investment products that include traditional and crypto-currency assets, like HADE Token. This is a vision we will pursue vigorously, and optimistically a market will be created. The question is what company has the right strategy in place to bridge these two worlds. We believe it to be HADE Platform, which has the system already in place and the underlying product to do so.

According to Investment Company Institute, the mutual fund industry had $16.1 trillion in assets at the end of 2016, and $8.9 trillion belonged to the 10 largest companies. Therefore, the addressable market is very large, but fragmented. With strategies in place to save on costs in three distinct areas, The HADE Platform has the opportunity to create products with management, performance, structuring, maintenance, and transaction costs that are significantly lower than the current market standard. This will only help as we start making our products available for purchase for the HADE Platform network of users.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



31



TIMELINE



HADE Platform Development Begins 500 companies in our Database We apply AI Technologies Integrate Quality Control Add computer engineers for machine learning Database reaches 1500 Companies Begin trial with 62 random finance professionals and individual investors Database reaches 4,000 companies. Prepare to launch LAUNCH HADE PLATFORM TO PUBLIC HADE Store with three premium products HADE Platform Mobile App Launch Begin Crypto Platform Development Launch HADE Token Rewards Complete CRM, Productivity, and Communication Suite for enterprise customers HADE Store has 15 premium products Launch HADE Advertising Network Direct stock trading from HADE Platform



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



32



ANTICIPATED GROWTH



5,000,000



EXPECTED MONTHLY ACTIVE USERS GROWTH



4,000,000



3,000,000



2,000,000



1,000,000



0 Oct 17



Oct 18



Oct 19



Oct 20



The graph above illustrates our expected monthly active user growth trajectory from HADE Platform launch on September 25, 2017 until October 2020, when we anticipate 5,000,000 monthly active users.

This goal represents a conservative estimate of our addressable market; we internally project more than twice our goal of 5,000,000 monthly users. We expect to achieve such rapid growth by implementing the growth strategy detailed in "5 Stages of Market Disruption", which includes, allowing free access and use of our platform, implementing a social network of shared investment ideas, and analysis via HADE Token Rewards. It also includes the continuous development of free and premium financial & company analysis products. We believe our product's uniqueness and superiority to all existing products and services in our field will allow us to reach, if not exceed, our monthly active user target of 5,000,000.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



33



ANNUAL ADVERTISING REVENUE PER MAU



July 18 Oct 18 Jan 19 Apr 19 Jul 19 Oct 19 Jan 20 Apr 20 Jul 20 Oct 20



$2



$3



$4.5 $6



$7



$8



$9



$10



$11



$12



One way to monetize our user base is with the Another important source of revenue will be



HADE Advertising Network, via HADE Token



paid users. We will convert paid users as a



and USD. We believe the use of crypto-curren- percent of overall users. However, the actual



cy and HADE Token will at first slow the pace conversion and percent of MAUs is unknown.



of ad spending, but over time as our network Our estimated 50,000 paid user forecast



grows and engagement remains high, advertis- represents approximately 1% of our expected



ers will flock to reach our large audience.



monthly users. This is a conversion that we



believe to be very conservative given the



The chart above shows the annual revenue



value of our premium products and its useful-



we expect to create from each monthly active ness. We believe the conversion of monthly



user via advertising. As the use of blockchain users to paid users could be much closer to



technology increases over the next two years, 3.5% long-term.



we believe our early integration will become a



point of strength for attracting advertisers. Fur-



thermore, we believe our platform is uniquely



positioned for advertising campaigns to suc-



ceed, by deploying the same "widgets" we use



to provide products & services as advertising



products.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



34



AVERAGE REVENUE PER PREMIUM CUSTOMER



Oct 20 Jul 20 Apr 20 Jan 20 Oct 19 Jul 19 Apr 19 Jan 19 Oct 18 Jul 18 Apr 18 Jan 18

$0



$205 $200 $200



$340 $335 $330 $325 $320

$315 $310 $300 $300



$50



$100



$150



$200



$250



3$00



$350



As the number of paid users grow, it is important that we continue to provide valuable services while also increasing our revenue per premium customers. Remember, these are not Facebook users whose only intent is to look at photos or chat. Our population has a very specific goal in mind, and that is to find a good investment opportunity that fits their individual goals. Given this goal set coupled with the financial incentive of choosing good vs bad investments in a time sufficient manner, we believe that our premium services and the conversion of free to paid users will be significantly higher than conversions on other "freemium" platforms.

Currently, our average premium customer pays $200 per month for the three premium services in the HADE Platform. However, we aim to offer 15 premium services through the HADE Platform by July 2018, and through our partnership network, we believe that number could eventually surpass 25 premium services.



With a greater selection of premium services to meet the needs of all users, our opportunity to convert free users to paid customers will rise, as will the average revenue per premium customer. Our goal is to create $340 per premium customer by October 2020.

While $340 per use may seem unrealistic, it still represents an 80% discount to the much larger, and we believe inferior services, offered by Reuters Eikon and Bloomberg Terminal. If we succeed in creating a network of finance professionals and individual investors, who share ideas and communicate socially on our platform via HADE Token Rewards, then we will have the missing component that has been nearly impossible to replicate. This alllows Bloomberg and Reuters to demand premium prices while excluding individual investors that lack $20,000 plus to spend annually on equity research products.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



35



EXPECTED 12-MONTH REVENUE (RUN RATE)



$250,000,000



$200,000,000



$150,000,000



$100,000,000



$50,000,000



$0

Total Revenue Advert. Revenue



Nov `17 $4,420,000

$0



Nov `18 $39,000,000 $3,000,000



Nov `19 $139,200,000 $24,000,000



Nov `20 $250,000,000 $60,000,000



As our monthly active users reach 5,000,000 and we successfully convert paid customers, while offering tremendous advertising products, we anticipate a 12-month revenue run rate of at least $250,000,000 by October 2020.

Since we expect nearly 80% of our business to be a recurring monthly revenue by October 2020, it is good to look at projected revenue on a forward 12 month basis. In other words, we figure our October 2020 revenue run rate by multiplying our expected October 2020 revenue of $22,000,000 by 12 to determine our trajectory for the year to come. As our revenue per free user increases, via higher ad



spend, and we convert more paid users at a higher rate; the company's revenue run rate will naturally accelerate.

Therefore, we foresee a great opportunity to grow by using the best technology with a one-of-a-kind database that's built on blockchain technology, to become a leader in the business and financial information industry.

*All financial projections are determined by formulas and logic detailed herein the "Anticipated Growth" section of this white paper. Many risk factors detailed in our terms & conditions could affect our rate of future growth. Our current growth rate may not be sustainable. Thus, the information in this section is only intended to provide a visual of a market opportunity that we believe is present.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



36



HADE TOKEN STRUCTURE & TOKEN SALE



HADE Platform will raise $10 million in a hardcap Token Sale with no option to purchase additional tokens until HADE becomes listed on a third party exchange. We expect HADE to be listed on third party exchanges within six weeks following our Token Sale.



Total Company Valuation Amount Raised in Token Sale

Price Per HADE Token

Total Tokens



$20 Million $10 Million

1 ETH = 5,800 HADE

240 Million



We will raise up to $5 million during a pre-Token Sale period. $5 million will be the hard cap for our pre-Token Sale, and $10 million total raised during the pre-Token Sale and Token Sale.



Offered in Token Sale 120 Million For HADE Rewards 100 Million

For Token Sale Bonus 100 Million



Approximately 10% of all outstanding HADE tokens will be made available for the HADE Rewards program. Once those tokens are earned, no additional tokens will be awarded for participation.



All HADE bonuses and incentives to be determined at the time of the token sale.

Valuation



HADE Token will have a depreciating supply with the purchae of premium services and advertisements on the HADE Platform. The HADE Platform will retire approximately 5% of all tokens that are used to purchase premium services or advertisements, whether it be direct purchase of tokens for services or conversion of HADE tokens to advertisement spots. We believe this will contribute to the long-term value and sustainability of the token as a digital currency due to the connection of our entire advertisement business model to HADE Token.



$50 B



$45 BILLION



$40 B $30 B



$33 BILLION



$20 B



$10 B



By raising $10 million in exchange for 50% of all outstanding HADE tokens, we assign a market capitalization of $20 million for the full value of all HADE Token at this time.



$20 MILLION



0



Bloomberg LP Thomson



HADE Platform



Reuters Corp



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



37



USE OF FUNDS



The following chart illustrates where funds will be allocated over the next three years to ensure that all 5 stages of our disruption plan are successfully executed. This allocation plan will also ensure that the crypto-curren- $6M cy database, advertising network, and blockchain is developed and $5M integrated correctly with our existing busi-

$4M ness.

$3M

$2M

$1M

$0

25% - INVESTMEN1T1S%& -PRA3E%R7S%TE-NAC-EROURCSTSHTHHOEAIPRMNSTAEERLCYS1HSE5TNR%SVOI-LCPOER6G&,%YM4T-%EADCR-EHKBS5NEE%TTICCINU-ABRGLUI1,TS0&SUY%INPA1P-ED1OSI%VTSREI-DRTNDTEFIAVRSTEAINLASOGTSPRCMUIEC3ENT%NCUTE-RL&EE&AGNAPLARLOYGTRICASMMING



$5,230,000 $2,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,230,000 $900,000 $600,000 $3,100,000 $1,100,000 $540,000 $2,400,000 $2,150,000 -



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



38



10%



IT INFRASTRUCTURE & PROGRAMMING

The HADE Platform was built from the ground up by talented programmers and software engineers. As we grow, it is important to have the right development, testing, repair, and deployment processes in place to seamlessly scale. That's why having a top notch programming and IT team has always been and will remain a top priority.



11%



DATA SCIENCE & ANALYTICS

Our entire business is built around a valuable, unique database that gives us the ability to visualize, analyze, and create services using the best technology like never before. Our future success depends on the health, size, and reliability of our database. We must continue to invest and ensure the growth of our database, while prioritizing the best quality control methods to be confident in its accuracy.



2.5%



LEGAL

Many of the services in our pipeline like tokenized investment funds; or becoming an online brokerage; or a "fiat to token" exchange will require proper regulatory approval and licenses to function correctly. Furthermore, many of the services and functions of the HADE Platform should have patent protection. That is why we have and will continue to invest in protection across all facets of our business.



5%



BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

As our network grows, business opportunities will be created. We aim to accelerate the pace and start building these relationships to ensure maximum exposure for the HADE Platform.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



39



15%



PR, MARKETING, & ADVERTISING

We will advertise on social media, search engines, and on financial sites to gain exposure and drive new user growth. We will explore and exploit all marketing & advertising avenues such as print and TV and will hire the most creative, talented minds to ensure we reach and convert our target audience as monthly users.



3%



CUSTOMER SERVICE & TECHNICAL SUPPORT

The HADE Platform was built with the user and easy navigation in mind. However, we will ensure that all users have the support in place whenever they need help, or whenever something goes. This will ensure that we keep users happy and active on our platform.



4%



SECURITY

Some of the biggest institutions in the world are being compromised daily, and people are more worried than ever when it comes to their identify. The integration of blockchain and HADE Token already gives us a huge advantage over the competition when it comes to security. However, we will continue to invest our resources to both use the best security available and develop security products internally.



6%



DEBT

The HADE Platform has used a combination of cash from earnings and debt to fund operations until now. We view it as beneficial to payoff all debt tied to HADE Platform.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



40



7%



OTHER TECHNOLOGY

Whether it is AI, machine learning, data visualization and analysis, or blockchain technology, the HADE Platform has prioritized the use and integration of cutting edge technology from day one. We will continue to do so, and invest resources to learn, develop, and integrate new technologies that improve our platform and the user experience.



11% 25%



RESEARCH ANALYSTS

In order to create the world's best equity research platform, we need the world's best experts in all facets of the market. We must have oil & gas, technology, banking, mining, healthcare, and biotechnology experts among others. By spending money to hire the best in these fields, our machine algorithms will become smarter, faster, and learn how to distinguish the factors that make each type of company a good investment. We aim to build our team of research analysts to not only help with the development of specialized premium products and services, but to make our technology more sufficient, and to produce exclusive content and analysis to our group of paid and free users. By doing so, our network and services will become more valuable.

INVESTMENTS & PARTNERSHIPS

The HADE Platform aims to become a hub for exclusive services and information that can't be found anywhere else. One strategy for achieving this goal is to acquire, partner, and invest in other financial service providers that can create value for our customers, users, advertisers, and platform. We have identified a list of more than a dozen potential candidates that range from data visualization technology and artificial intelligence to video production, written content, and even instant messaging. With the right partnerships and acquisitions, we can accelerate our growth trajectory and significantly exceed our own expectations.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



41



LEADERSHIP TEAM OUR EXPERIENCE

In addition to our leadership team, there are approximately 35 staff members who are working on HADE Platform. These people work in one of five divisions: Programming, Machine Learning & AI, Database, Quality Control, and Business Development.



BRIAN NICHOLS

President & Founder

Brian Nichols is a professional investor and equity analyst, with more than 3,000 total financial analysis and equity research publications to his credit. He is also a McGraw-Hill author "Taking Charge with Value Investing (2013)" & "5 Simple Steps to Find a Top-Performing Stock (2014)".



ROGER STATON

Chief Technology Officer/ Director of Programming

Roger Staton and Brian Nichols founded HADE Platform together, combining the knowledge of equity analysis and Wall Street with one of the brightest minds of advanced programming. Roger worked eight years at UPS building complex systems that are used daily. Roger also built software for car dealerships that is used throughout the industry to track sales, schedule services, generate real time sales reports, along with the generation of buyer guides and window stickers at a discount to traditional legacy products. Roger's skills include PHP, Ruby, Python, HTML, Java, MySql, CSS, jQuery, Angular JS, AWS, APIs, and mobile application



BETHANY THACKER

Chief Data Officer

Bethany has been a key component of the HADE Platform since the beginning. She helped build the system we use to collect, approve, and organize the information within our database. With an MBA, a bachelors in Marketing, and former experience as an analyst with the development of Microsoft's Cortana, Bethany has been the ideal person to manage the most important component of our business.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



42



AJINKYA LAHADE

Co-Director of Machine Learning



ARPIT GAMBHIR

Co-Director of Machine Learning



Ajinkya is a computer engineer with hands on experience in data modeling and analytics, and machine learning. Prior to HADE Platform, Ajinkkya designed an infant baby monitoring system to detect and alert doctors of lethal situations with a 99% successful rate in D Y PATIL Hospital. Ajinka also developed a credit card fraud system that achieved an accuracy of 99% to identify fraud in a dataset of 280,000 transaction details. He is experienced in many programming languages such as MATLAB, C/C++, Python, Embedded C, HTML. Ajinkya's software skills include Microsoft Office, LabVIEW, MATLAB, MINITAB and is experienced with Bluetooth, Arduino UNO, Arduino UNO, and Microcontrollers (ATMEGA, 8051) hardware.



Arpit leads our research and development of artificial intelligence as a prominent computer engineer with distinct skills. Prior to HADE Platform, Arpit created a trash sorting robot to detect and sort metals and non-metals. He also implemented an FCW algorithm for predicting 800 different scenarios with 98% accuracy in vehicles, such as vehicle alerts while driving. Arpit has experienced skills in MATLAB, Python, C++, HTML, PHP, Latex, LabView, AutoCAD, Verilog, Embedded C, and Atmel Studio.



CHAD BOGGS

Director of Graphic Design & Marketing

Chad studied graphic and software design at the University of Northern Kentucky, and quickly built a reputation for his creative genius in film and theater throughout the Cincinnati Metropolitan area. Chad is an actor who has worked on and off-stage in many Hollywood productions. His most recent work includes the critically acclaimed mystery/drama "The Killing of a Sacred Deer" and the horror film "Strangers 2". Chad's creative talents in film and theater have translated well to HADE Platform, and he will continue to be a crucial component of our marketing, advertising, and graphic design.



Each of our six leaders have assistants and teams who work under them. In total, HADE Platform has 25 additional team members who have dedicated themselves to building this unique product.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



43



OUR ADVISORS



Our advisors are actual advisors of the company. These are experienced individuals with their own teams of staff who will play crucial roles in helping us reach our goals.



RAJESH PAVITHRAN

 IBM Certified Technical Architect with software experience of 19 years

 Author of Simplified Service Oriented architecture

 Worked as Technical Solution Architect at Oracle Corp and IBM Corporation

 CEO of Boon Info Tech  Blockchain expert

PHIL BARTLETT

 Attorney based in Miami with specialization in business and securities law

 Named in Top 100 lawyers by The National Advocates; and Top 40 Under 40

 Ivy League educated



TIMOTHY ARMES

 Founder & CEO of The Nurses Lounge.  Previously the CEO and Founder of Jobs.

com.  CPA

SAM HOUGHTON

 Business attorney  Mr. Hougton has aided businesses through

the successful purchase and sale of businesses totaling more than $300 million in enterprise value  Mr. Houghton's expertise will be crucial as we pursue investments and partnerships to grow our business.



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



44



HADE.IO



HADE.io - HADE TOKEN White Paper



45



