This document was created solely for the purpose of project familiarization and is not intended to act as a public offer or a commercial and investment proposal. The aim of the Hamster Marketplace Whitepaper is to introduce the reader to the idea,

essence and mission of our project.



Table of contents

1.1. What Is The Hamster Marketplace Project? 1.2. The Problem With Online Marketplaces

2 Hamster Marketplace - the digital revolution in

online trading

2.1. An Introduction To Marketing Niche Products 2.1.1. How Inventions Achieve Global Success 2.1.2. What Happens To The Unlucky?

2.2. Filling The Chasm In The Market 2.2.1. The Marketplace as Incubator: from DIY to Factory, from Local to Global 2.2.2. Four Factors For Success: Why Hamster Marketplace Will Take Off EXTRA Key Characteristics of Hamster Marketplace: Market Analysis

02 -- Table of contents



3 Sale of the Hamster Marketplace tokens

3.1. Hamster Marketplace Project 3.2. The tokenisation of the Hamster Marketplace Project

3.2.1. General provisions on the HMT (Hamster Marketplace Token)

3.2.2. Usage of HMT Tokens in Hamster Marketplace

3.3. The terms of the sale of Hamster Marketplace tokens

3.3.1. The Terms Of The Hamster Marketplace Project

3.3.2. Token Distribution 3.3.3. Target Indicators Of Funds Raised Via Hamster

Marketplace Sales 3.3.4. The predicted indicators for the platform's work,

depending on the funds raised



4 Hamster Marketplace Project Plan

4.1. Roadmap For Hamster Marketplace*

4.2. How Hamster Marketplace will attract vendors 4.3. How Hamster Marketplace will attract buyers



5 Hamster Marketplace team

5.1. Executive Team 5.2. Advisors



03 -- Table of contents



1.1. What Is The Hamster Marketplace Project?

We are a unique, non-profit, decentralized trading platform. Hamster Marketplace gives novice and local producers a way to sell niche electronics to a hungry market without a single middleman.

Hamster Marketplace will open the niche electronics market to thousands of vendors around the world who cannot afford to sell through current platforms. It will allow millions of buyers to find one-of-a-kind products and buy them without a middleman's markup. The marketplace will be run by the producers themselves (using the Emercoin open blockchain voting system).

Funds for launching and developing Hamster Marketplace will be raised through the public distribution of HMT tokens during the token sale, launching in January 2018.

04 -- What Is The Hamster Marketplace Project?



1.2. The Problem With Online Marketplaces

Retail has evolved rapidly over the last two decades and has permanently changed the purchasing habits of hundreds of millions of people. Online stores have become the true giants of the retail industry, guaranteeing phenomenal future growth for the industry. Brick and mortar chain stores are hanging in, but their success increasingly depends on the inertia of the purchasing habits of older generations, and a few price advantages of in-store discounts, both of which are dwindling fast as internet technology develops.



05 -- The Problem With Online Marketplaces



Walmart, 2015 - stock photo by Phil Zelmann



At the same time, ecommerce platforms have worked hard to create the most convenient user experience possible. Payment systems, delivery services and brand marketing operate on a "global" scale. This means users will find ads in their own language no matter what site they're visiting, be able to pay with a card from their local bank, and have the product delivered to them, even from overseas.

However, despite the customer experience being so much more efficient, the back-end retail processes have not seen the same transformation. Old retail mechanisms persist, keeping prices from dropping any further. The middleman still takes his cut.

Even today, outdated and costly business processes developed in the golden age of offline retail continue to shape ecommerce.

These mechanisms force e-vendors to:

freeze financial resources in "accounts receivable" with long-term payouts; bear the costs for delivering product to storage facilities; go through complicated procedures for agreeing on contracts

06 -- The Problem With Online Marketplaces



include a margin for middlemen in the cost of the final product;

provide a large range of goods to justify marketing costs;

bear marketing costs for promotion within the sales channel.

he digital revolution has simply not affected electronic retailing as much as other industries. Many opportunities offered by modern technology remain untapped.

Modern online marketplaces have remained too similar to the retailing mammoths of the 20th century, and that means that the digital retail market is still ripe for a digital revolution.

Hamster Marketplace is the digital revolution in online retail, specifically in electronics.

The idea for a decentralized, self-managed trading platform came to the CEO of Hamster Marketplace, Denis Bulavin, when he was building sales channels for popular children's tablet PlayPad. With his experience in niche electronics, he noticed a burning need for a platform that could help independent producers reach their audience without fighting a losing battle with the industry's big vendors. The Marketplace he envisioned would also filter unoriginal goods that copy IP from these niche producers, and audience overlap would virtually disappear.



2.

Hamster Marketplace is a digital revolution in online trading



2.1. An Introduction To Marketing Niche Products

The degree of difficulty in promoting a niche product strongly depends on the size and hype of the niche within the mainstream market:

An established niche. This niche is open, well-known, and its target audience has already assembled. The instruments for seizing it are well-known and they work. It is usually occupied by a relatively stable collection of competing producers.

A young niche. This market segment is also open, partially known, and with a target audience that has been identified but is unstructured. The instruments for seizing it are well-known. The range of products is dynamic; new producers are constantly entering the market with competing products.

A fresh niche. This niche is either unknown or known very little, and its target audience has not been studied. The instruments for seizing it do not yet work or have not been solidified. It may be occupied by a single producer, whose product or invention created this niche; and by a couple of quick emulators or creators of parallel inventions.

08 -- An Introduction To Marketing Niche Products



The most difficult place to be is in the discovery or invention phase. These products create a fresh niche. They are in the "primordial soup" stage. The target audience is scattered and disconnected. Marketers have no established instruments to seize this audience's attention, which means the process of finding buyers begins with the widest possible PR campaign. The wider the campaign, the higher the costs. New producers are therefore hung out to dry before they even begin.

A fresh niche is composed of a plethora of unknowns: Even the target market of the product may be unknown. In many cases, the new invention begins its life in the hands of a group it was not intended for. Instruments for capturing the market are unknown or do not work.



Newcomer products suffer from the paradox of "the lemon strainer": a product whose idea is instantly recognizable, but at the same time can't be helped by basic marketing strategies such as SEO or context. The reason? If you didn't already know about the existence of a strainer, you would never even think: "I need to get myself a thingy which won't let pips fall in my tea when I'm squeezing lemon into it."

Vendors in a young niche experience difficulties because their target audience, while known, is scattered across different sectors. For example, the target audience for the children's tablet PlayPad is a percentage of the "parents with young children" market. The instruments for accessing this sector are familiar, and they work, but to "fish out" your share of this sector you would need to reach users that manually search for your product or get in front of the whole market. This means expenditure for marketing has to cover an audience several times larger than the target audience itself.

09 -- An Introduction To Marketing Niche Products



This is the price of forming a niche. It is unmanageable for the majority of indie-projects, which is why many producers in a young niche stay local. They simply don't have the resources to market on a global scale. Nonetheless, an invention created in someone's garage yesterday can become a global phenomenon today.

2.1.1. How Inventions Achieve Global Success

Global success usually occurs in the following ways:

The product goes viral. The engine behind viral promotion is its early devotees -- people with whom it resonated strongly enough to share it with their own social networks and talk about it. Viral growth is exponential, and soon the product has global exposure. The Pebble watch experienced viral promotion thanks to its successful crowdfunding campaign on Kickstarter. Largely thanks to Pebble's success, the niche of smart-watches is now maturing from a young to an established niche.



"Going viral" happened before Kickstarter, before "crowdfunding", even before the term was coined. The key to viral growth has always been concentrating on enthusiastic early adopters. Kickstarter found its success by becoming the go-to place for early adopters of all kinds, raising the chances of success of all their listings. (Read on to find out how Hamster will use a similar strategy).

The product gets into a global window display or marketplace. In the 2015 documentary "Joy", the struggles of a new inventor are shown well, through that era's equivalent of the global window display: shopping channels on TV. The invention of the film's hero (a self-wringing mop) initially fails. It was positioned poorly  a common problem for fresh niches. From the second attempt, however, she achieves fast demand on a national scale due to better presentation on the shopping channel. As shopping channels and big trading networks used to do, so the largest online marketplaces can now transform one housewife's homemade mop into the foundation for a multi-million dollar business empire.

10 -- An Introduction To Marketing Niche Products



A global change to the current state of affairs. We are not going to examine this point as it is highly unpredictable. But it should be mentioned in the interests of giving a full picture.

2.1.2. What Happens To The Unlucky?

Kickstarter was the first to show the extent of inventions in the world. Today they boast more than 131,000 successfully financed projects. But to the same extent, they could be considered a roll-call of the unlucky. How many of them have gone viral, and how many have remained obscure? How many of them have sold more than one batch of the product to its sponsors? How many of them actually found success in global marketplaces?

Getting into stable sales on large online marketplaces means reaching a new level, which turns out to be beyond the capabilities of many novice vendors.

Even the entry threshold to the current biggest platforms for electronic sales is out of reach for many projects.



Small and novice vendors on "Amazon" can expect:

gigantic levels of competition and a vast quantity of goods; a marketplace which is primarily aimed at the USA (rather than the global market); dependence on positive reviews; it to be necessary to buy advertising, without which the goods will not be promoted.

Meanwhile, on AliExpress, they will drown in competition from unoriginal, low-quality goods with tens, hundreds or thousands of dollars sunk in practically every category.

For buyers who like interesting new products, the situation is not much better:

35%--300% markup for middlemen; Little chance of finding interesting, useful new products, if their inventors were unable to get over the expensive initial hump of finding their first wave of customers.

11 -- What Happens To The Unlucky?



2.2. Filling The Chasm In The Market

Between "Kickstarter" and "Amazon" you'll find a huge gap in the ecommerce market which no company has managed to fill until now. Hamster Marketplace will tap into this hunger using the following positioning tactics. Initially, Hamster Marketplace will be aimed at producers of indieelectronics (starting from DIY exclusive assemblages, the demand for which may be as high as the promotion is expensive) and niche gadgets. In the future, we may broaden the profile of the marketplace to include non-electronic goods which demonstrate clear potential for growth by promotion to the Hamster Marketplace userbase.

12 -- Filling The Chasm In The Market



2.2.1. The Marketplace as Incubator: from DIY to Factory, from Local to Global

Projects which find themselves "between Kickstarter and Amazon" may be of very different sizes, but they have a problem in common: they cannot break through the ceiling.

Some cannot make the leap from "garage start-up" to functioning production. Others can produce well but are unable to force their way onto global markets, and remain only local players.



The platform offers unique conditions: to producers Starting and developing sales on Hamster Marketplace will be accessible to small, niche and even novice producers of innovative electronics and gadgets -- from DIY to small factories.

to buyers Access to unique goods which they would never have found in the chaos of other marketplaces; Prices which come straight from the producers with only the absolute minimum markup possible to sustain the platform itself (hardly noticeable).

13 -- The Marketplace as Incubator: from DIY to Factory, from Local to Global



2.2.2. Four Factors For Success: Why Hamster Marketplace Will Take Off

Exclusivity to niche products, to broadening the range of new ideas and offers while preventing it getting clogged up with unoriginal goods.

Specialisation, which will attract the necessary target audience and widen the community of early enthusiasts for niche electronic projects;

Non-profit structure, offering vendors a cheaper deal than any other marketplace, as only the minimum margins are put down by the marketplace owners;

Occupying a niche which bigger marketplaces have irreversibly outgrown.



Key Characteristics of Hamster Marketplace: Market Analysis

For Manufacturers: Commission (including referral fee, fba fee, payment fee) Access to consumers contact information for sellers Payout to sellers Management of the platform by the vendors

For Buyers: Audience from among early followers: Opportunity to sell DIY Electronics Universal Assortment of Goods Verification of manufacturers by the quality of the product and production capacity Simplicity of selection due to the absence of low-quality competitors Transparent registration of defective goods

For investors: The absence of fabricated feedback, the opportunity to invest in the early stages of development



Amazon

up to 30%

Biweekly Partially



Aliexpress

up to 8%

(annual fee from $3100 to $4600)

Immediately



Ebay

up to 20%

including PayPal

Immediately



up to 20%

for the first stage only. No commissions beyond that.

Immediately



3.

Sale of the Hamster Marketplace tokens



3.1. Hamster Marketplace Project

In order to finance the creation and launch of Hamster Marketplace, the Hamster Marketplace LLP company will organise and run a crowdfunding campaign by distributing tokens during the token sale in January 2018. Funds raised in the token sale will be used for:

launching and developing the platform; attracting vendors of innovative electronics and gadgets; attracting buyers who are interested in purchasing unique goods; developing the decentralized management of the platform with the help of "digital trust" instruments, first and foremost Blockchain.

The self-management of a business by its users and the running of a trading platform by the producers of goods themselves is an innovative model that has only now become possible.

15 -- Hamster Marketplace Project



In order to guarantee that the platform will always act in the interests of the sellers, Hamster Marketplace is a non-profit, decentralised project, based on the following principles:

Give vendors have the opportunity to find their own buyers online, globally and without middlemen. Delivery is provided using the vendor's resources or through the platform's own partner service.

The transparency of management decisions taken by the producers, and the reliability of accounting their votes will be guaranteed by the use of Emercoin blockchain for voting, securing decisions and calculating spending;



3.2. The Tokenisation of the Hamster Marketplace Project

3.2.1. The Tokenisation of the Hamster Marketplace Project

HMTs, or tokens for the Hamster Marketplace project, are a digital smart contract on the Ethereum platform.

All 20 million HMT tokens will be released once, and have a fixed amount.

Preliminary token distribution will occur during a sale starting in December 2017.

The HMT tokens placed during the pre-sale will be sold with a 20% discount, at a price of $ 1.6.

16 -- The Tokenisation of the Hamster Marketplace Project



The limited distribution of HMT tokens will occur during a crowdfunding campaign in November 2017 among users who have previously registered to take part in the sale on the site hmstr.io.

At the start of the sales: HMT tokens will go on sale to registered users on the hmstr.io site; HMT tokens will be added to the listings on several crypto exchanges;

During the public sale, Hamster Marketplace tokens (HMT) will be issued at a fixed price of $2.



The total quantity of tokens on sale will be 14 million. During the sale, only users who registered on the website hmstr.io before the campaign will be able to participate.

When the sale closes, the number of tokens actually sold during the pre-sale and the sale will make up a total of 70% of all tokens minted;

Another 30% is added from the reserved balance of the issued tokens and distributed as follows:

27.5% to the team, founders, project advisors and early buyers. 2.5% as an award based on the results of the bounty campaign.

17 -- The Tokenisation of the Hamster Marketplace Project



In the case of selling fewer than 14 million tokens and, correspondingly, fewer than 6 million HMT distributed, the remaining tokens will be destroyed immediately upon the completion of sales.

During the sales, HMT tokens will be sold strictly at the nominal price of $2 each - additional tokens can be earned through the Hamster referral programs.

Anyone who receives HMT tokens as a bounty prize will be offered:

either an immediate pay-out of their equivalent value when the sales close;

Up to 2.5% of funds raised in the campaign will be directed towards buying back bounty tokens.



or an extra charge for the bounty tokens with a delay:



either until a 9 month period since the sales closure expires;



or until the launch of a public beta platform for Hamster Marketplace, if it happens ahead of schedule;



70% of the tokens issued to the founders and team will be done so with an additional delay of:

either up to nine months;

or until the launch of a public beta platform for Hamster Marketplace, if it happens ahead of schedule.



18 -- The Tokenisation of the Hamster Marketplace Project



Unsold and unallocated tokens will be destroyed immediately after the end of the campaign.

Repeat or additional release of tokens is not permitted in the terms of the smart contract.

HMT token holders can sell, exchange, or use their tokens in whatever way they deem fit after the token sale is complete.



3.2.2. Usage of HMT Tokens in Hamster Marketplace

Tokenization of the Hamster Marketplace is necessary as a key part of the future infrastructure of the decentralized self-managed marketplace. In the early stages, HMT tokens will perform a number of functions on the site:

19 -- Usage of HMT Tokens in Hamster Marketplace



Vendors will be able to pay for services in the Hamster Marketplace, such as priority display in search and promoblocks, banner advertising, and user surveys.

Access to limited goods. This function will give manufacturers the option to show or sell their goods only to owners of HMT tokens. Thus, manufacturers will be able to launch exclusive products for marketing purposes or produce test batches, receiving feedback from the most loyal part of the audience.

A pledge guaranteeing vendor compliance when they are verified for access to on-site sales.



20 -- Usage of HMT Tokens in Hamster Marketplace



HMT tokens will also be accepted as deposit when launching a new product line. Producers will be able to announce the start of a new product and collect interested customers' leads before the start of its production, giving the HMT tokens to the platform as a warranty of launching the product within the stated deadlines. Tokens will be returned when direct sales start.

HMT token owners will have access to information about the goods and manufacturers presented on the site, the list of projects in the process of verification, and even the vendors who didn't qualify for the marketplace. This will be unique information for both IT journalists and fans of new technologies.



3.1.2. The Terms Of The Hamster Marketplace Project

The Hamster Marketplace is a crowdfunding campaign starting in December 2017. It will raise funds to launch, populate and promote the trading platform Hamster Marketplace, as well as develop and test mechanisms for decentralizing the management of the platform. Management will thereafter be enacted by the vendors themselves.

Funds will be raised during the crowdfunding through the limited sale of special digital Hamster Marketplace tokens -- HMTs.

The token sale will take place in a closed format. Only users who have pre-registered at http://hmstr.io/ will be able to buy HMT tokens.

Registration at http://hmstr.io/ will open to users no more than a month before the start of the token sale and will close one week before the start of sales.

21 -- The Terms Of The Hamster Marketplace Project



The Hamster Marketplace crowdfunding will last until the maximum possible funds have been raised, but no more than one and a half months;

Up to 70% of the total number of tokens will go on sale -- 14 million tokens, which puts the maximum possible funds at $28 million.

Tokens which are purchased during the sale will be charged as soon as the payment is received.

The following cryptocurrencies will be accepted as payment: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Emercoin, Wave and many more.

The Hamster Marketplace crowdfunding campaign will be considered a success if the funds raised exceed $2 million.

If the funds raised do not exceed $2 million, all payments from the sale participants will be returned to their wallets.

At the end of the campaign, tokens sold are accepted for 70%, then an additional 27.5% is added for founders and team and 2.5% on the bounty.



3.3.2. Token Distribution

The number of tokens sold to the public will be considered as 70% of all tokens issued; An additional 27.5% of tokens will be distributed between the founders, advisors and key team members of the Hamster Marketplace; The final 2.5% of tokens will be distributed as bounty rewards for people who provided support for the project at the pre-sale and sale stages; Any remaining unclaimed HMT tokens will be destroyed.

22 -- Token Distribution



3.2. Target Indicators Of Funds Raised Via Hamster Marketplace Sales

The expenses for developing our Hamster Marketplace will be mostly focused on marketing, and attracting mass number of vendors and buyers to the platform. According to the calculations of the Hamster project's marketing experts, the cost of attracting one vendor to the platform will average $2,000. One buyer in the form of a "hot" lead, principally from "Kickstarter", will cost about $5.60-$7. Depending on the level of funds raised, the Hamster Marketplace crowdfunding campaign can be conditionally divided into several stages, characterized by the number of leads (buyers) and vendors, which have been brought over to the platform in the first year of operation:

23 -- Target Indicators Of Funds Raised Via Hamster Marketplace Sales



$2 million -- creating the Marketplace (web, iOS and Android); $6 million -- 500 vendors, 500,000 buyers; $12 million -- 1,000 vendors, 1,400,000 buyers; $20 million -- 1,800 vendors, 2,600,000 buyers; $28 million -- 2,000 vendors, 3,800,000 buyers.



3.2.1. The predicted indicators for the platform's work, depending on the funds raised



Funds raised



100 1000 1800 2000



100000 1400000 2600000 3800000



200 2800 5200 7600



100000



$13,8 m



$20 m



1



2800000



$386,4 m



$56 m



2



9360000



$1291,7 m



$187,2 m



3,6



15200000



$2097,6 m



$304 m



4



24 -- The predicted indicators for the platform's work, depending on the funds raised



4.

Hamster Marketplace Project Plan



*given funds of $28 million raised in the crowdfunding campaign



4.1. Roadmap For Hamster Marketplace*



Q3, 2017 Attracting advisors and financing for the token sale.

Q4, 2017  Q1, 2018: Attracting financing for developing and launching the marketplace via sale of HMT tokens.

Q1-Q3, 2018 Developing the alpha-version of the marketplace, assembling vendors ( apart from being technically built, the platform will be considered ready for public release when it has no less than 300 producers).

Q4, 2018 Public project beta launch. Development of the decentralized management system of the platform for vendors.

2019: Achievement of planned indicators of no less than 2,000 vendors and 3.8 million buyers. Testing of the decentralization system. Preparation for transferring management of the platform to the vendors.



26 -- Roadmap For Hamster Marketplace



4.2. How Hamster Marketplace will attract vendors

Hamster Marketplace will occupy a niche in the market for gadgets and high-technology goods, roughly speaking, between Kickstarter and Amazon. Hamster Marketplace will provide a platform for novice and small producers of innovative electronics and gadgets. It will be able to become the "first global marketplace" for these goods. Given successful growth in sales on the Hamster Marketplace platform, an indie-vendor will then be able to access bigger-scale platforms -- such as Amazon or AliExpress. In this way, Hamster Marketplace will act, among other things, as a "business incubator" for independent producers. The biggest crowdfunding platform in the world, Kickstarter, now counts among its base more than 130,000 financed projects.

27 -- How Hamster Marketplace will attract vendors



However, successful financing to release an initial batch of goods on "Kickstarter" does not guarantee successful entry into the market, because after the product has been dispatched to its backers, the producer is faced with the problems of arranging sales, which have been described at the beginning of this Prospectus in the section titled An Introduction To Marketing Niche Products.

Hamster Marketplace will offer:

Reasonable terms for entering the platform. The vendor will either pay a yearly membership fee to the platform of $25,000, or pay a commission on every sale at a rate of 20% of the cost, but no more than $20, in the form of a payment for the leads attracted.

More accessible terms of access than on other marketplaces. This is on account of the absence of a service margin, given that Hamster Marketplace will be a non-profit platform.

The right of all vendors to determine the spending, priorities and future of the platform through blockchain voting.

An audience consisting of early enthusiasts, ready and eager to buy innovative goods.



Hamster Marketplace will not be free for the producers -- even a nonprofit project needs funds to keep it up and running. However, the factors mentioned above make the conditions of working and selling on Hamster significantly more accessible than other platforms, allowing even the smallest producers to start selling and grow their business.

When signing up to the marketplace, the producers will be able to choose interaction with the marketplace according to the CPA model (cost per action), not requiring any payments from the vendors. The platform will only collect a commission from sales at a rate of 20%, but not exceeding $20.

When the dynamic of sales shows that even with this rate of commission payments are getting to be over $25,000 (which is only 1,250 sales priced from $100), it will be more profitable to pay a yearly fee for access to the platform.



The third step -- selling the platform to the vendors -- will remove the necessity of buying a yearly membership and redistributing income towards token holders. Vendors will become the proprietors of the trading platform in the full sense of the word. The proposed sum of the sale will be $50,000 per vendor, which is equal to two yearly membership fees.

Thanks to the opportunity to start selling on Hamster Marketplace according to the CPA model, this is the difference between a product having the chance to grow and develop and for it to grind to a halt.



28 -- How Hamster Marketplace will attract vendors



4.3. How Hamster Marketplace will attract buyers

Being oriented towards the sale of indie-producers' goods, Hamster Marketplace will attract buyers through the most effective channels for this sector of the market:

Through readers, visitors and active users of crowdfunding platforms such as Kickstarter, Indiegogo and others. Attracting "hot leads" from there to Hamster Marketplace can be done for no more than $5.60-7 per buyer. Through the audience of the projects on Hamster Marketplace themselves. On Kickstarter the average number of backers -- users who finance a product -- is around 1,400 people per project. By transferring to Hamster Marketplace, projects will bring over their own client base, who will then be able to browse other projects on "Hamster".

29 -- How Hamster Marketplace will attract buyers



Visitors to Hamster Marketplace will receive:

a wide range of unique goods in one place; niche DIY products; new inventions which appear on "Hamster" before other marketplaces; manual screening of the quality of the producers; an absence of boring and unoriginal goods; a record of the percentage of rejects per producer, fixed on blockchain; a mechanism for guaranteeing low prices.

The mechanism for guaranteeing low prices on Hamster Marketplace will be provided in a semi-automatic mode:

The Hamster robot parses information about the producers on the marketplace and other platforms where they are located, automatically aligning Hamster Marketplace's prices with the lowest price found.

Where there is a deviation in price of more than 10%, manual moderation will be added in order to avoid any errors or malicious intent.



5.

Hamster Marketplace Team



5.1. Executive Team

Denis Bulavin: CEO. Heart, brain and soul of the Hamster Marketplace. A passionate entrepreneur since his early teens. Ran 4 businesses. Created a Playpad company. Established an electronic device factory in Russia. Yegor Kotkin: Chief Operating Officer. Responsible for the project's development and its ongoing improvement. ITblogger and cryptoblogger. Has been writing about technology for 10 years. Worked on one of the world's most successful ICOs  Polybius. Xenofon Kontouris: CMO. Responsible for hitting targets in the Hamster Marketplace marketing plan. Marketer, entrepreneur, CEO of Aeroship.

31 -- Executive Team



Valentin Savchenko: Director of Digital Marketing. ofounder of WinWin Solutions, Digital Marketing agency. WinWin Solutions served companies such as Polybius, DomRaider, KickICO, Utrust and others.

Chris Lovell: Community outreach partner. Networking expert with 10+ years of experience in enterprise network management and an avid blockchain enthusiast. Involved in blockchain technology since early 2013.

John Pawin: Project manager. Entrepreneur with 8+ years of experience in the business sphere working with many digital and brick-and-mortar business.

Johannes Kanter: Google Marketing Specialist. Has worked with Start-ups like Click & Grow and Fleep. Also co-founder of digital marketing agency WINK.



Arthur Saakov: UX/UI designer. 6 years experience in design, worked with VTB24, Tesla Karting, and Vaenga Music. Alexander Afanasyev: CTO. Works at Yandex. CEO of AppGranula.

Arina Shlaeva: CPA. Accounting & Tax advisory. Professional with 15+ years experience. Co-founder at VRCG. Founder of consulting service "Vernie Resheniya".

Kirill Pyzhyanov: Investor Relations Officer. Expert of tokenization, ICO flow and listing on the exchanges. ITProfessional, private investor, trader.

32 -- Executive Team



Nikolai Zaitsev: ICO analyst. Vendor search and involvement. WRClab, EverythingTag, freelance web developer.

Jevgenia Savchenko: Project Manager. o-founder of WinWin Solutions, Digital Marketing agency. WinWin Solutions served companies like Polybius, DomRaider, KickICO, Utrust and others.

Arthur Gromadin: Designer / Art director. Works at "Mail.ru Group" as a Senior Designer and Art director.

Sofiya Romanovskaya: Community manager. Bounty manager. Certified marketing & relations specialist with 5+ years experience.

Nurlan Abdrassilov: Head of Communication, cooperation with advisors, and listings on the ICO trackers. Professional with 15+ years experience.



5.1. Advisors

Kilian Kaminski: Worked for Amazon. Managed the largest electronic Sellers in Europe. Was the German country lead of the Amazon Renewed program.

Stan Polozov: Professional with a huge amount of business experience. Currently CIO and co-founder at EmerCoin.

Oleg Khovayko: CTO of Emercoin.

Dmitry Pavlyuchenkov: Chief Strategy and Marketing Officer of IIDF. 33 -- Advisors



Nodari Kolmakhidze: 8 years in Finance. 5+ years in trading and asset management. Nodari is CIO at Cindicator.

Christopher Cowles: Experienced business and technology strategist, specializing in blockchain based companies. Executive, consultant, and advisor to multiple blockchain startups. Has a background in management consulting, where he has led teams and worked on go-to-market strategy, product strategy, market strategy, and process design for many high-tech "Fortune Global 500" companies.

Rinat Arslanov: Entrepreneur with 10+ years in business, venture capitalist and blockchain enthusiast. CEO of Revain.

Michael Inoma. Line of Business Lead in Customer Excellence and Trust and Safety eBay Inc.



