LevelNetTM

Security of one is security of all

The World's First Cyber Security Platform

White Paper

September 2017

Version 0.9



Addendum No. 1 to whitepaper version 0.9 12/16/2017

The changes relate to the decrease of the hard cap to $ 12,000,000. Due to the mechanism of dividing the funds for the funds, which is not quite understandable for the audience, depending on the number of tokens sold, we decided to lower the hard cap without violating the project economics and continuing to observe the interests of the tokens holders in various exit strategies. Reducing the hard-cap does not affect the division of funds into funds, it only removes the dependence on the volume of the tokens sold. The number of tokens issued corresponds to the amount of funds when a hard cap is reached.

Read the following paragraphs in the new edition:

The Token Offering --- Summary section, page 15. New value Quantity of tokens issued 15'000'000 Previously released LVL tokens were destroyed in the number of 55'000'000,

https://etherscan.io/address/0x04ee7760a1733bb8045fb695ed8ca05d7e2b9e09#tokentxns

Section Key Deal Terms, page 17. The financing needs in this phase (product release) amount to $ 1.5-12 MLN.

The project is evaluated by the "Development and Implementation Fund." Buyback section, page 18 Values in the table of 10-20% and 20-100% are considered not valid

Money Back Guarantee section, page 19 Values in the table of 10-20% and 20-100% are considered not valid

Section Fund Distribution, page 25 Separation of funds to funds depending on the sold tokens is considered obsolete and take the value of the distribution, which corresponds to If the token is sold from 0 to 10%.

 Buyback Fund, page 26

Values in the table of 10-20% and 20-100% are considered not valid The maximum value from 1 to 10% is considered to be $ 1.2M

 Development & Implementation Fund, page 27

Values in the table of 10-20% and 20-100% are considered not valid The maximum value from 1 to 10% is considered to be $ 7.2M

 Reserve Fund, page 28

The foundation is not being formed.

 Pricing, page 30

The number of tokens available for sale is proportionally reduced to the total volume of the issue of 15,000,000.



Addendum No. 2 to whitepaper version 0.9

01/18/2018

The changes relate to the exclusion of dividing the collected funds into the funds of Buyback and Money Back Guarantee. These changes do not affect the economy of the project in general, but only exclude the possibility of claims from regulators.

To consider not valid any old references to support of liquidity of a token LVL at the expense of the smart contract. These mentions may refer to:  articles on blogs  Recorded video  And any other sources of information

Read the following paragraphs in the new edition:  The section Returnable Model --- Buyback page 18 is considered obsolete and not valid.

 The section Escrow --- page 28 is considered obsolete and not valid.

 The section Money Back Guarantee page 19 is considered obsolete and not valid.

 The Token Offering - Summary section of the Payout Structure subsection is considered obsolete and not valid

 Section Token Offering - Summary page 15 read the section Description / Rights in the new edition:

Token owners will be able to use LevelNet services, the LevelNet ecosystem, and all its products, in addition to receiving use of intellectual property rights. It will be possible to exchange forkens for crypto shares in the second phase of the project.

To consider all other sections in which there is a mention of the division of funds into funds and the calculations in these funds Buyback and Money Back Guarantee considered invalid. All the funds that were envisaged to be allocated to these funds are transferred to the "Development and Implementation" fund



2



Table of Content



Table of Contents



Table of Contents 2



Abstract 4



The Problem: A World Of Outdated Cybersecurity Solutions4



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market 7



LevelNet: Real-time Cybersecurity Solution 7



 How it Works8



 Protection Based on LevelNet and the Dynamic Whitelist



9



Installed antivirus product: Response Exchange Principles



9



Reputational base formation9



Endpoint Security App operating modes



10



New publisher assessment for the Dynamic Whitelist



12



 Our Prototype13



Business Model Overview 14



Token Offering 15



 Summary15



 Key Deal Terms16



 Returns Model17



Phase 1: Non-Investment17



LVL Token Details



17



Buyback



18



Smart Contract18







Token properties



18







Security



19



Money Back Guarantee19







Converting tokens into service subscriptions



20



Phase 2: Investment



21



LVLS Token Details



21



The Exchange of LVL Tokens for LVLS



21



LVLS Release



22



Conversion Procedure



22



Valuation



23



 Token Distribution24



Bounty Tokens24



3



Table of Content



Wings Platform24



Option Pool24



 Fund Distribution25



Buyback Fund25



MoneyBack Guarantee Fund26



Development & Implementation Fund27



Operations Fund27



Reserve Fund28



 Escrow28



 Smart Contract29



Token properties29



Security29



 Pricing30



Pre-Sale Conditions30



Legal structure 31



 The LevelNet Project32



 Level Capital32



 LevelNet Inc.32



 LevelNet Foundation32



Investment Structure33



The LevelNet Roadmap34



Financial Model and Valuation35



 User Growth (Non-financial metrics)



35



 Financial Metrics36



Financial performance (1/2)



36



Financial performance (2/2)



36



Financial Valuation37



Our Team38



 Management and Administration38



 Tech39



 Partners and Advisors42



Supplemental Documents 46



Contact us46



4



Abstract



Abstract

LevelNet integrates virtually all existing anti-virus technologies into one simple, user-friendly application. This distributed system enables participants to share threat data globally and in real time, allowing for the entire system to become much smarter, much faster, than any single security cybersecurity provider can today. LevelNet significantly boosts the capabilities of any user installed anti-virus program. If a user does not have any security applications installed, LevelNet can take advantage of its distributed network platform and act as a self-standing application.

Today's cybersecurity solutions are limited. As one of the main providers finds a threat, it will often take significant time for that knowledge to be distributed to the total system. New malware takes advantage of this window of time to infect the greatest number of devices. LevelNet creates an integrated, global, and immediately responsive system to stop more malware earlier than it was heretofore possible.

The Problem: A World Of Outdated Cybersecurity

The 2017 Global Cybersecurity market is valued at more than $400 billion,1 with the consumer anti-virus segment alone valued at $25 billion. Usage of the internet is becoming ever more omnipresent, with markets such as IoT are driving ever more connectivity. Growth in the cybersecurity sector is significant and sustained, with an estimated CAGR (Compound Annual Growth Rate) of 9.5% between 2016 and 2021.2 Such a high-value market coupled with sustained growth is ideal for investors looking for a lucrative value proposition.

The main opportunities in the consumer cybersecurity marketplace reside in the weaknesses created by an industry focused on existing threats, not future malware. Cybercrime evolves rapidly, and any system designed to face this threat must be designed to evolve rapidly. However, the monolithic nature of institutions tasked with this problem makes it difficult for them to offer the flexibility needed to surmount these challenges both quickly and efficiently.

1 http://www.csoonline.com/article/3083798/security/cybersecurity-spending-outlook-1-trillion-from-2017-to-2021.html 2 https://globenewswire.com/news-release/2017/05/17/986975/0/en/At-9-5-CAGR-Global-Cyber-Security-Market-to-reach-USD-181-77-Billion-in-2021-Zi-

on-Market-Research.html



5



The Problem: A World Of Outdated Cybersecurity Solutions



An Emphasis on Future Threats

Traditional methods of virus protection rely on users installing anti-virus software. It searches and identifies malware using a database of signatures the provider has to compare to.

Files with executable code are analyzed, and their threat level is determined using a heuristic analysis method. These heuristic decisions are made using a previously developed algorithm, which is frequently left lagging in updates. Standard signatures are not used with the heuristic method.

A more advanced method of protection is code emulation. Here a virtual machine (VM) simulates the CPU and memory management systems then executes the code on the VM in order to look for unintended or unaccounted for effects. This enables one to test and observe the effects of malicious code without making the non-virtual machine vulnerable. Additionally, with behavioral analysis technology, one can evaluate entire sequences of actions from the malware, thereby significantly increasing the efficiency of the anti-virus software.

These measures may be sufficient for prevention of known cyber threats, but they are are not adequate for emerging malware. Virus protection often requires prompt and regular, regardless of particular software capabilities or which method they employ. Otherwise, the risk of security breaches increases significantly.

High costs for consumers

The cost to consumers is usually in the range of $50+ per year, with relatively low threat detection efficacy. No individual anti-virus product can offer "ideal protection." Vendors specialize in a particular threat type, and enterprise solutions involve much more resource intensive processes such as emulation that are too expensive and time consuming for the consumer market. The average Industry-leading detection rates for anti-virus companies today are not more than 95% reactively and 80% proactively:



6



The Problem: A World Of Outdated Cybersecurity Solutions



Other statistics are even less encouraging:

 "The best antivirus software catches only 5% of new online threats" - by Harvard Business Review 3  "The Antivirus industry has a dirty little secret that they really don't want anyone to know. Despite the

claims of their marketing departments, their products are not all that effective in the real world. Best performances in the industry are between 80% and 90% against threats out there in the wild at any time, and their protection against ransomware is very bad" 4  "One well known, major antivirus industry player is routinely scoring no better than 80% reactive combined with a 70% proactive" 5

At the same time, Cyber-security does not come cheap - a typical Kaspersky Labs, NOD32, or Symantec product cost around $50 annually. LevelNet plans to offer a $0.99 annual cost for its premium service. Companies today spend upwards of 25% of their IT budget on Cyber-security. The market is hungry for solutions that can improve quality and lower the cost footprint.

3 Harvard Business Review, November 2015. 4 https://blog.knowbe4.com/bid/355390/the-antivirus-industry-s-dirty-little-secret 5 http://www.bizztechnology.today/2016/04/how-well-does-your-antivirus-work.html



7



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market

The antivirus market is both rapidly evolving and highly fragmented. The emergence of the Internet of Things (IoT) is creating new challenges that no provider today is adequately capable of addressing entirely.

Cloud-based anti-viruses can provide security only in the proprietary developer's framework, however without the inclusion of technologies from other developers. There are also cybersecurity service providers that conduct virus checks using anti-virus software from multiple original software developers. The results of such checks, therefore, do not depend on the capabilities of single products. This approach produces more reliable threat detection. However, it does not provide a real-time defense solution and requires the manual download of every file through specific APIs on the corresponding webpage.

Furthermore, "Big Thing" cloud computing platforms are still in the future. Endpoint devices and IoT remain vulnerable to cyber-threats. It is clear that there is a need for an efficient, real-time cybersecurity solution using all relevant data available from multiple cybersecurity and antivirus software applications.



LevelNet: Real-time Cybersecurity Solution

 LevelNet offers preventive protection measures for a competitive price of $0.99-9.99 for an annual subscription per end-user device.

 LevelNet Network & End-Point App integrates users into a single universal network of cybersecurity. Exchange data in real time about emerging threats on your devices. Combining all anti-virus capabilities into one Network.

 LevelNet Cloud contains a database of incidents and updates it in real time thereby forming a reputation service for files and other objects.



8



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



How it Works

The LevelNet system provides cybersecurity measures against suspected files/viruses/threats detected by any of the anti-virus/cybersecurity software applications present on the LevelNet network. Suspicious files, viruses, and threats can be quarantined/deleted regardless of whether there is an installed antivirus software at the particular endpoint.

It is essentially a network where each user exchanges information about IT security incidents (viruses and any other computer threats) detected on their device with other users in real time. This above process is done to prevent an attack directed at any device connected to the network. Network users agree to exchange such information beforehand.

Threat detection is performed by monitoring the response of security systems installed on the user's device. The response is analyzed by the client program that are located both on the user device and outside of it on other nodes of the network. After the analysis is completed, users are notified of the threat. Users receive threat notifications in the form of prepared bundles of information with various network protocols in place.

The source of the notification can be either the user device with an installed client program or other network nodes carrying functional features of the program responsible for notifications. The client program then blocks the threat for all notified users via specialized program features, i.e., alerts, other features then scan for the sources of the various threats.



9



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



Protection Based on LevelNet and the Dynamic Whitelist

Installed antivirus product: Response Exchange Principles

The client software analyzes the response of antivirus products on users' devices. Results of the antivirus behavior analysis are sent on the LevelNet network for further processing as well as for deciding the level of a particular threat or threats. The data is transferred between the client nodes and out to the network servers. If for any reason, the LevelNet system perceives response results as a potential or real threat, all users receive information about this software package. This information is distributed between various nodes of the LevelNet network.

Reputational base formation

A novel concept of weighting certain attributes for the determining the Risk Level of potential software packages. This Risk Level is evaluated by the LevelNet system automatically based on the value of a set of factors listed below in descending order of importance:

 antivirus solutions reactions from end-point users.  level of trust that its publisher has  prevalence within the network  the number of cases when this software was added to the list of exceptions by end-users

The number of antivirus solutions responses can be obtained both from users' devices and from internal servers of the LevelNet network. The process of monitoring previously unknown software is ongoing through the LevelNet network.



Scheme of data checking incoming from LevelNet network nodes

The publisher's credibility depends on three things, their reputation, the duration of their participation in LevelNet, and the popularity of the existing security software they use.



10



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



The degree of a threat is dynamically indicated. Should the level change for a particular software package, its value is immediately synchronized with all users' devices within the LevelNet network, thus ensuring the operational update of the threat data.



Endpoint Security App operating modes

The client side software on the end devices works in blocking mode for a software package that is unrecognized by the LevelNet network (this is the operating mode of the application when all previously unknown software via user input is locked to execution). Optionally, White Lists can be enabled, which allows the user of the software to select packages from a whitelist of trusted publishers. Also, the user can depend on the threat level, be able to grant permission to use unknown software, after he/she is prompted via a corresponding warning message/alert.

Furthermore, the user can create their list of exceptions, independent from the LevelNet global rules. This function may be useful for both software developers, and regular users who have installed rarely used software, causing groundless "suspicion" from antivirus solutions.



11



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



Using the LevelNet Endpoint Security App without antivirus software installed



Using LevelNet Endpoint Security when installed AV software can detect a threat



12



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



Using LevelNet Endpoint Security with AV software not receptive to a new threat



New publisher assessment for the Dynamic Whitelist

Before a new software publisher can become included on the LevelNet Whitelist, they must undergo register and undergo verification procedures.

Registration can be performed linked to social network account or via corporate email accounts. Also, supplementary information needs to be provided:

 company website  type of software  type of a company  country and address  approximate site visits per day  approximate application downloads per day.

Once the publisher completes registration, a personal dashboard then becomes available for the publisher to enter the next stage, which is to pass the verification in order to be added to the LevelNet Whitelist.



13



The Opportunity: Conquering A Fragmented Global Market



Publisher verification in this particular case means confirmation of the accuracy of the information provided during registration. For the most well-known and popular publishers, the process is streamlined. In this instance, verification is performed by adding a series of verification records to the publishers DNS name servers (Either a CNAME or TXT record). Additionally, for publishers not included in either of the above categories, further proof of identity is required either through a document or credit card, these publishers will then also need to fill out a form with a description of the software.

After passing both procedures (registration and verification), the publisher is then given the opportunity to upload their software package, as well as the opportunity to provide updates to newer versions as they become available. All subsequently uploaded files also undergo an automatic antivirus scan for the potential existence of malicious components.



Our Prototype

Our working prototype is now available for demonstration. It can be easily installed on Mac, Windows or Linux Operating Systems. During one such test (available below) the result was that the malware files were immediately detected and neutralized on all virtual machines. Test demonstration video(subtitles available): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fDLfvA9EqNU&t=2s



14



Business Model Overview



Business Model Overview 6

A self-updating platform with significantly better a single AV package on it's own:

 Customers are able to combine the shared protective power of all their cybersecurity programs. This drastically increases the rates of threat detection and thus the overall security of the network.

 For Corporate customers we offer participation in the Network with additional features such as private API and SDK.

 We predict that the LevelNet Network will reach over 100 MLN connected devices within the next 5 years.

 LevelNet's business model assumes a system of free distribution for up to 2 years. Once the goal of reaching a customer base of one MLN members is achieved, then LevelNet will pivot to a freemium model with the provided breakdown:  69% unpaid users;  25% of users paying a $0.99/month nominal fee (for additional premium features);  5% of users on a $9.99/month plan;  1% of users on a $99.99/month corporate plan.

 LevelNet will provide premium services for corporate users at prices ten times lower than other products currently available in the marketplace, these premium services include:  Private an API for the uploading of specific files for an immediate check (which generate higher than expected threat detection rates).  SDK tools to allow customization for large corporate clients (customers will benefit from best-inclass threat detection and threat awareness).



6 LevelNet continues to explore additional and alternative monetization models.



15



Token Offering



Token Offering



Summary

The main purpose of this fundraising is for the development and launch of LevelNet with its accompanying products:



Token Name Phase 1 Issuer

Description/Rights

Payout Structure Quantity of tokens issued Nominal Value of single token

Conditions

Funding requirements



LVL

Non-investment

Level Capital

Token owners will be able to use LevelNet services, the LevelNet ecosystem, and all its products, in addition to receiving use of intellectual property rights. Possession of the token gives access to the Buyback Fund and MoneyBack funds secured by a smart contract based on Ethereum. It will be possible to exchange tokens for crypto shares in the second phase of the project.

A smart contract allows token owners to receive payment from the Money Back and Buyback funds starting from the 60th day after the offering.

70,000,000

$1.00 USD

Tokens not sold during the TOKEN OFFERING are to be destroyed. The release of additional tokens is excluded. Trading or ownership of LevelNet with its tokens is excluded. All exchanged and redeemed tokens are to be destroyed. Tokens used at the time of subscription to access premium features, business version, API and other LevelNet services will be destroyed.

Soft Cap $1.5M - Hard Cap approx. $55M



16



Business Model Overview



Token Share Name Phase 2 Issuer

Description/Rights

Payout Structure Quantity of tokens issued Nominal price per token Conditions



Token Share Name

Investment

LevelNet Foundation

Owners of LVLS will have ownership and profit sharing rights, owners will have rights to be chosen in supervisory committee, to nominate the members of the Director Board, to choose the Fund's main investment and expenses directions. In this order to implement this we hired a team of Legal and finance and investment experts to design a second phase of our strategy.

Profit-sharing once the project reaches profitability.

To be announced.

Fixed after market price is determined.

Owners of LVL tokens have preemptive rights. All exchanged LVL tokens are destroyed.



Key Deal Terms

 Level Capital LLC (Level Capital) is the manager of the LevelNet project/user community and guarantor of participant rights.

 LeveL Capital issues LVL tokens, which will only be distributed during the duration of the TOKEN OFFERING.

 Level Capital will create Buyback funds and will use them to redeem tokens no later than 60 days after the date of the TOKEN OFFERING.

 Level Capital will invest assets received during the TOKEN OFFERING in operations and infrastructure development for the completion of LevelNet Endpoint Security in preparation for its commercial launch.

 LVL tokens will be sold on CryptoShare exchanges.  As the operator of the LevelNet project, Level Capital will at determined intervals redeem the tokens in

exchange for the cryptocurrency, as quoted on cryptocurrency exchanges.



17



Business Model Overview



 The investment phase of the project will be implemented by the roadmap.  LevelNet Capital will create investment fund structure with the possibility of raising funds and protecting

the rights of token owners. Once the British Virgin Islands investment Legal entity designed and created, all holders of the LVL tokens will be able to exchange them for LVLS tokens. All shares Newly created (or reorganised) Legal entity will be on blockchain.  Ownership of LVLS tokens will allow for participation in the sharing of the fund's profits starting in 2021. If the profits are not distributed, or there is none, then an option will be given for token holders to increase share participation in the fund at an optional discount.  During the second phase, LVLS tokens will provide shares in the LevelNet project. LVLS tokens can only be redeemed using LVL tokens.  The financing needs in this phase (product release) amount to $1.5-55 MLN. The project is evaluated by the "Development and Implementation Fund."  LevelNet Capital will maintain a token equity holders register.



Returns Model

Phase #1 will determine the valuation of the company and is not an investment. Each phase provides privileges for the token holders. Below is a detailed summary of the benefits and other value propositions of each phase.

Phase 1: Non-Investment

LVL Token Details

Holders of LVL tokens have a membership status that provides access to LevelNet services and software. LevelNet offers participants in the non-investment phase the following options:

 Business API and premium services. Participants exchange tokens for subscriptions to LevelNet services in case they have more tokens than the required amount. The possession of tokens in this required amount will significantly reduce the costs of a corporate plan.

 Lifelong use of the LevelNet application and any LevelNet services for ordinary users, without additional payment for premium features.

 Option to participate in Phase 2.  Access to the "Buyback" and "Money Back Guarantee" funds, secured by a smart contract.  The possibility of receiving an LVLS financial instrument upon a successful KYC / AML procedure (see

Terms and Conditions).



18



Business Model Overview



Buyback

To increase the interest for the community members, as well as to foster equitable spending on product development, we created a smart contract. This contract, using the funds from the "Return Fund," will regularly buy back tokens from the market using the algorithm described below. Buybacks will be carried out on CryptoCurrency exchanges.

The buyback algorithm is built by the Token Offering results, i.e., on the total number of tokens sold. Depending on the "Return Fund," the smart contract algorithm redeems tokens automatically from exchanges on which it trades. Returned tokens are destroyed. This is the description of the algorithm:



Tokens sold during the TOKEN OFFERING period (% of the total number issued)



Start date of Buyback



End date of Buyback



Daily Buyback times



0-10% 10-20%



60 days after token offering



Until fund resources are exhausted



Anytime



20-100%



Daily end time for buyback



Daily volume of buybacks (range)



Number of daily orders



Volume of Buyback Orders



Until the daily repurchase limit is reached



$1-10000 $1-25.000



Unlimited



Unlimited



Upon request of token owner



$1-200.000



Limit to Buyback price

The buyback price is the maximum price reached during daily trading



Smart Contract The smart contract that is used is an ERC20 standard token, based on Ambisafe EToken 7 contract. The source code is publicly available via github link in the footnote.



Token properties

Token Code Contract address Contract source code Decimal places Reissuable Premine amount ICAP code ICAP organization code



LVL 0x5d78d89d4a90b7db17821d36599de1c78c7bda28 https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2 4 No 70,000,000 LVL LVLC



7 https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2



19



Business Model Overview



Security

The token code used is well tested and employed by multiple ICO's, including Polybius 8, TaaS 9 and Propy 10.

In case any bugs are discovered, the EToken protocol allows for easy migration of the contract logic to a newer version without any actions required from the users. 11



Money Back Guarantee

In order to increase investor interest, we created a smart contract that provides an opportunity to receive a reward for participating in the LevelNet project. Depending on the amount of token sold, the smart contract algorithm automatically calculates and sends a one-time payment to the investor from the "Money Back" Guarantee Fund. The tokens in this algorithm remain in existence. This is the description of the algorithm:



Tokens sold during the TOKEN OFFERING period (% of the total number issued)



Conditions of participation (token ownership)



Date of verification of conditions (anytime between)



Payment date after the verification of conditions



Return % over total funds



Number of participants



Share of payments



=>30 000



40-62 days



7%



1



100%



0-10%



=>3750



40-62 days



5%



10



Proportional



=> 2000



40-62 days



3%



10



Proportional



=>50 000



40-62 days



7%



1



100%



10-20%



=>10 000



40-72 days



+ 6 days



5%



10



Proportional



=>5 000



40-82 days



3%



10



Proportional



=>70 000



40-92 days



7%



1



100%



20-100%



=>15 000



40-102 days



5%



10



Proportional



=>7 000



40-112 days



3%



10



Proportional



8 https://polybius.io/ 9 https://taas.fund/ 10 https://propy.com/ 11 https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2/blob/master/contracts/AssetProxy.sol#L34 and https://

github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2/blob/master/contracts/EToken2.sol#L32



20



Business Model Overview



Converting tokens into service subscriptions

As described in the Business model overview, LevelNet provides not only the free distribution of an endpoint security application, additionally LevelNet at one tier offers paid subscriptions for the use of LevelNet's API and SDK for corporate clients. Similar subscriptions packages are estimated at $50k per year. LevelNet will allow for token owners to exchange the tokens purchased during the Token Offering for a subscription plan, which then can substantially be used by the owner or sold to others.

Subscription 12

This allows the use of LevelNet services for different periods and with different functionalities for corporate users. This subscription can be used by the owner of the tokens or sold to others.

Conversion Procedure

Only LVL tokens can be converted into a subscription. LVL tokens exchanged for subscriptions are subsequently destroyed. In exchange for the tokens, a key file is supplied which allows users to activate LevelNet services. Also, it contains information about the subscription plan type.



Number of tokens exchanged for subscription

4,000



Subscription type Corporate Private API



Subscription duration 1 year



2,500



Corporate Private vAPI



1 year



3,000



Advanced statistics



1 year



25,000 10-1,000



SDK and custom custom-built

Business version of Endpoint Security App



1 year 1 year



12 Subscriptions are regulated by a license agreement



21



Business Model Overview



* Currently LevelNet is reviewing opportunities for additional subscriptions

The exchanging of tokens for subscription key files functionality will be available on the levelnet.co website in individual accounts. The following functionalities will also be available in the personal accounts:

 Exchanging tokens for subscriptions.  The settings for the duration of the subscription and as well as its start date.  Statistics on existing subscriptions.

Phase 2: Investment

LVLS Token Details

LVLS is a financial instrument, which in Phase 2 offers the following:  Access to the fund's profits;  Access to the register of fund shareholders;  The opportunity to nominate a representative to the Board of Directors;  The right to call an extraordinary board meeting.

The Exchange of LVL Tokens for LVLS

 LevelNet Capital plans to establish an investment fund or obtain a license to carry out investment activities.

 All LevelNet assets will be in the fund balance.  LevelNet Inc. will issue up to 40% of shares and, under the option agreement, will transfer them

under the management of the fund.  After registration, the fund immediately begins to issue LVLS tokens (a financial instrument that

gives the right to receive a share in the fund).  Only LVL token owners can obtain the right to own LVLS tokens.  Only LVL token holders can exchange them for LVLS tokens. For participants, up to 40% of fund

ownership will be available.  The exchange of LVL tokens for LVLS tokens will be carried out through the investor's personal

account, which is accessible via orderbook.io  All qualified LVL token holders will have the preemptive rights to purchase non-distributed LVLS. (in

the USA only "qualified investors" can get LVLS tokens)  All LVL tokens exchanged for the LVLS token are subject to cancellation.  All exchange provisions are regulated by the Terms of Token Offering and cannot be changed.



22



Business Model Overview



LVLS Release

LevelNet Capital or the planned investment fund will undertake the release of a non-public LVLS financial instrument based upon blockchain technology.

The investment fund is obliged to provide LVL token holders the option to exchange their shares in the amount of up to 40% of the investment fund. The total price is equal to the amount of funds in the investment fund Development and Implementation .

The Investment Fund is obliged to provide this option for the exchange of issued LVLS tokens. This is in accordance with the terms in the clause concerning the conversion procedure from shares to tokens below.

Conversion Procedure



Number of LVL tokens From 50,000  100,000 From 10,000  50,000 From 1,000  10,000



Exchange discount over nominal value 10% 5% 2%



The exchange of tokens for ownership in the fund is calculated by the following formula:

Share in the fund (LVLS)= Number of LVL tokens * Exchange value of the LVL token at the time of exchange / nominal value of LVLS - exchange discount.The exchange will be carried out through the investor's personal account, which will be available at orderbook.io All LVL tokens exchanged for the LVLS fund are subject to cancellation.



23



Business Model Overview



Valuation

To evaluate the project and subsequent LVLS token offering, LevelNet has developed a simple project evaluation system based on the conditions described below:

 The project is evaluated by the Development and implementation fund.  All other obtained funds will not go into the calculating of the project price.

The market value of the LevelNet project is estimated using the following formula:

Market Value = Development and Implementation fund * 100% / 40% of the LevelNet Fund.

Alternative valuation = calculated from the book value of the assets of all affiliated structures of the LevelNet project.

Evaluation Disclaimers:

 POST TOKEN OFFERING Ownership % is the share of investment fund ownership from the second phase.

 Once the Development and implementation fund is formed with a funding between $5M to $18.5M, the POST TOKEN OFFERING Ownership % equals up to 40% of the investment fund. Should the size of the Development and implementation total less than $5M, then the fund will transfer ownership of the participants in a proportionally smaller amount. In this case, the POST TOKEN OFFERING Ownership % will be calculated using the formula:

POST TOKEN OFFERING Ownership % = Development and Implementation Fund *40%/5 000 000



24



Business Model Overview



Token Distribution

The issued tokens are subject to a distribution plan described below at the time of the Token Offering:



Investors and participants Advisors and mentors Option pool Wings Platform Bounty

* Tokens which are not distributed are destroyed



85% 5% 5% 3% 2%



Bounty Tokens



To increase interest in the LevelNet system, LevelNet has developed several Bounty programs. The total number of tokens distributed by the Bounty programs on all platforms shall not exceed 2%. This is to preserve the economic interests of the participants and investors.

Wings Platform



The Wings platform is a Blockchain Crowdfunding DAO, for Wings, the dedicated tokens utilize a smart contract algorithm. They are distributed according to the following conditions:



Wings Rules



Terms 1.50% 2.00% 2.50%

3%



Condition If amount collected



Min.limit of value



<=



0%



=>



100%



=>



125%



=>



150%



Value

Median forecasted amount



Max.limit of value 100% 125% 150% XX



Option Pool

The option pool is reserved for a subsequent option package for employees of LevelNet Projects.



25



Business Model Overview



Fund Distribution

All raised funds shall be divided into funds that will be spent for the following stated purposes. The funds are established from the money raised. The raised capital will be divided among the following funds:



ID Fund



1



Money Back



2



Buyback Fund



3



Development and Implementation



4



Operations



5



Reserve



The establishment of the funds depends on the the amount of issued tokens that are sold:

Buyback Fund

This fund's objective is to buy back tokens from the market. The Buyback Fund fund is created at the expense of investors.



26



Business Model Overview



This fund's size is dependent on the number of tokens sold during the TOKEN OFFERING. The fund's formation algorithm is as follows:



Tokens sold From 1 to 10% From 10 to 20% From 20 to 100%



% of Total Raised 10% 35% 40%



Maximum fund size in $ USD 525 000 3 675 000 21 000 000



Each of the fund's assets are deposited in Escrow. For the automatic depositing of funds, this Fund is regulated by the code section of the smart contract.

All this fund's assets are used for the buyback of tokens at market prices, according to the above rules described in the Buyback Fund.



MoneyBack Guarantee Fund

This fund is formed at the investor's expense. The Money Back Guarantee Fund's size depends on the number of tokens sold during the TOKEN OFFERING. This fund's formation algorithm is as follows:



Tokens sold From 1 to 100%



% of Total Raised 15%



Maximum fund size of Crypto Currency equivalent in $USD 7,875,000



All of this fund's assets are deposited in Escrow. For the automatic depositing of funds, the Fund is regulated by the code section of the Smart Contract.

All of this fund assets are for a one-time payment, according to the rules described in the Money Back Fund.



27



Business Model Overview



Development & Implementation Fund

This fund objective is the development, administration and management of the LevelNet project. A more detailed description of the fund's expenditures can be found here. The fund is created at the expense of investors. This fund's size is dependant on the number of tokens sold during the TOKEN OFFERING. This fund's formation is as follows:



Tokens sold From 1 to 10% From 10 to 20% From 20 to 100%



Sized of fund as % of total raised funds 60% 45% 35%



Maximum fund size in $ USD 3 150 000 4 725 000 18 375 000



The algorithm is calculated in such a way that as more tokens are sold, the less money remains in this fund. This algorithm is structured in this way to give the LevelNet project a reasonable financial valuation for this round.



Operations Fund

In order to increase the success of the TOKEN OFFERING, LevelNet has completed agreements to allocate commission fees to our partners:



Success Fee 3% 2%



Project Role Technology Partner Design, traffic, etc.



Name Ambisafe Various Companies



All other expenses, connected specifically to legal services, PR, SMM, development, and technical support will be carried out at the time of the TOKEN OFFERING this is at the expense of LevelNet founders. Expenses related with future uses are covered by the Development and Implementation Fund.



28



Business Model Overview



Reserve Fund

The purpose of this fund is to cover common losses if there is an absence of other possibilities for their coverage. In such an event the covering of such losses an interest payment of 5% per annum may be paid to token holders in the case of failure of the issue and exchange of tokens for shares. The fund is formed at the expense of investors. The size of the fund depends on the number of tokens sold during the TOKEN OFFERING. The fund's formation algorithm is as follows:



Tokens sold From 20 to 100%



Sized of fund as % of total raised funds 5%



Maximum fund size in $ USD 2 625 000



Escrow

All funds to ensure the fulfillment of the terms of the smart contracts shall be deposited in escrow with the following agents:

1. Oleksii Matiiasevych 2. Pending 3. Pending

The following Funds are to be deposited in Escrow:

 Buyback Fund  Money Back Guarantee Fund  Reserve Fund



29



Business Model Overview



Smart Contract

The smart contract that is used is an ERC20 standard token, based on Ambisafe EToken 13 contract. The source code is publicly available via github link in the footnote.



Token properties



Token Code Contract address Contract source code Decimal places Reissuable Premine amount ICAP code: ICAP organization code:



LVL 0x5d78d89d4a90b7db17821d36599de1c78c7bda28 https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2 4 No 70,000,000 LVL LVLC



Security

The token code that is used is well tested by multiple ICO's, including Polybius 14, TaaS 15 and Propy 16.

In the case any bugs are discovered, the EToken protocol allows for easy migration of the contract logic to a newer version without any actions required from the users.



13 https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2 14 https://polybius.io/ 15 https://taas.fund/ 16 https://propy.com/ 17 https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2/blob/master/contracts/AssetProxy.sol#L34 and https://github.com/Ambisafe/etoken2/blob/master/contracts/

EToken2.sol#L32



30



Business Model Overview



Pricing

To incentivize the acquisition of tokens by early investors LevelNet has developed a flexible pricing system described below. This also allows early investors to achieve subsequently higher margins. The duration of each token pricing scheme will last as long as the allocated period for each round, or the duration of the token pricing will transition when the sale of all tokens allocated to that round is completed, whichever end state occurs first 18:



Name

Pre-sale* Round 1 Round 2 Round 3 Round 4 Round 5 Round 6 TOTAL



Discount Round duration



Up to 40% 25% 15% 10% 5% 2% 0%



15 days 48 hours 2-10 days 11-15 days 16-20 days 21-25 days 26-30 days



Token price ($)

$ 0.60 $ 0.75 $ 0.85 $ 0.90 $ 0.95 $ 0.98 $ 1.00



Tokens for sale (%) up to 30% 20% 20% 15% 5% 5% 5% 100%



Tokens for sale (quantity) 21000000 14000000 14000000 10500000 3500000 3500000 3500000 70000000



Pre-Sale Conditions

The minimum amount of a token purchase during the Pre-Sale phase is $25k in the equivalent of the BTC and ETH cryptocurrency, taking into account the following conditions:

 from $50 000 and above - with 40% discount;  from $25,000 to $50,000 - with 30% discount.



18 If the tokens are not sold out during the round, they are passed on to the next round



31

Legal structure



Legal structure



32



Legal structure



The LevelNet Project

The LevelNet Project is an association that includes:

 The operating company based out of California;  R&D centres located throughout the USA, Europe, Russia and Ukraine;  The BVI parent company LevelNet Capital;  A BVI investment fund.

The LevelNet Project

Level Capital is the owner of the LevelNet project source code, in accordance with the company's charter. It's a BVI corporation. In accordance with the Agreement and Terms Of Use, Level Capital is required to establish an Investment Fund in the Virgin Islands, or will obtain a license to carry out investment activities in the British Virgin Islands (or alternatively in the Isle of Man). The type of fund and its structure will be determined based on the number of participants.

LevelNet Inc.

LevelNet Inc. is the operating company. LevelNet Inc is a registered California corporation (registered number C4046746) and a subsidiary company of LevelNet Capital. It's registered address is: 34 Peach Blossom, Irvine, California, USA.

LevelNet Foundation

The LevelNet Foundation will be an investment fund and future private limited liability company registered in the British Virgin Islands or the Isle of Man. It will be licensed as a mutual fund to raise investment and provide the funds to realize LevelNet's business plans. It is the profit center and the holder of all LevelNet financial assets. Ownership of up to 40% of the Fund will be divided amongst participants. The members of the LevelNet community are owners and active participants in the LevelNet Project.



33



Investment Structure



Investment Structure



34



The LevelNet Roadmap



The LevelNet Roadmap



Milestone Idea born First prototype Business model, Marketing strategy, etc. Expert reaction and overview First modeling p2p network Start of backend design Target audience surveys Friend and Family Round Prototyping backend on Google Cloud platform Second prototype. Choice of a contractor for back-end development. Start preparation for crowdfunding First public announcement (tech white paper, presentation, etc.) Pre-sale TOKEN OFFERING Initial Coin Offering LVL Token Listing Starts Start Payout Close of Alpha Version Start of LVL Token Exchange LVLS Token Listing in Exchange 1 LVLS Token Listing in Exchange 2 End of LVL token exchange period Open Beta Version Election of board members from among LVLS token owners Release candidate Version RTM



Date May-June 2016 August 2016 September 2016 October 2016 November 2016 November 2016 December 2016 February 2017 April 2017 May 2017 June 2017 June 2017 November 2017 November 2017 December 2017 January 2018 May 2018 June 2018 June 2018 July 2018 August 2018 August 2018 September 2018 October 2018 December 2018



35



Financial Model and Valuation



Financial Model and Valuation

User Growth (Non-financial metrics)

LevelNet projects a impressive growth rate of its user base beginning in Q4 2018. We forecast 40M members by Q4 2019, 85M by Q4 2020 and approximately 110M by Q4 2021:



The number of API and SDK users (corporate customers) is also expected to grow exponentially - over 15,000 customers for the former and 100,000 for the latter by 2020.



36



Financial Model and Valuation



Financial Metrics

Financial performance (1/2) We project the company's revenues to reach $220 MLN by 2022, generating $80 MLN in free cashflow.



Financial performance (2/2) EBITDA will reach $120 MLN in 2022. LevelNet's user of system virtualization and peer-to-peer network technology will ideally keep capital expenditures within $1 MLN annually:



37



Financial Model and Valuation



Financial Valuation Unlike many internet companies, LevelNet projects to generate significant profits for shareholders in relatively short time. For this reason, LevelNet is valuing the company using a traditional DCF (discounted cash flow) model. This yields a valuation of between $583 MLN and $1268 MLN:



Valuation



Enterprise Value



DCF



$415-491 MLN



Comparable Companies $770-1100 MLN



Range



$415-1100 MLN



Net Cash (Debt) $168 MLN $168 MLN $168 MLN



Equity Value $583-659 MLN $938-1268 MLN $583-1268 MLN



LevelNet is currently seeking to raise between $1.5 to approx. $55 MLN to finance the launch of the LevelNet Network. Investors and participant in the initial token offering (phase 2) may reach an ownership level of up to 40% in LevelNet. With funding of $18.5 MLN, that would value the entire company at $46.25 MLN.

If a $1 billion valuation is reached, investors stand to earn a return of 2062% over 4-5 years, equivalent to a CAGR of 84.9%.



38



Our Team



Our Team

Our founding team has worked together for ten years on complex cybersecurity software development projects. LevelNet has the premier talent in programming, cryptology, compiler design, system programming, software architecture, binary hacking, malware design, and analysis. Our software engineers have experience working with industry leaders such as Kaspersky, FireEye, AMD, Intel security, McAfee, and Checkpoint among others.

Management and Administration

Pavel Shkliaev

CEO/Founder

 Security design & analysis  Security software architect  Multiple tech startups in the USA and Russia

https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavel-shkliaev-88a5b9124/ https://angel.co/pavel-shkliaev-1

Alex Bodiagin

CTO/Founder

 Networking & driver development  Security software architect  System programming

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexander-bodiagin-9275b9124/ https://angel.co/alex-bodiagin



39

Anton Aksenov

COO

 Successful Entrepreneur  MBA  International operations

https://www.linkedin.com/in/anton-aksenov-941553b3/ https://angel.co/anton-aksenov

Arthur Eolyan

CLO

 Tax Law  Corporate Law  International Law

https://www.linkedin.com/in/arthur-eolyan-a1b29940/



Tech



Ivan Krivonos

Software Engineer

 Linux System Developer  Security design  Osx system developer  Hypervisor Architect

https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivan-krivonos-33168317/ https://angel.co/ivan-krivonos



Our Team



40



Our Team



Alexey Kudryavtsev

Software Engineer

 Windows low level developer  Malware researcher  Security software architect

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alex-kudryavtsev/ https://angel.co/alex-kudryavtsev

Alexander Volkov

Software Engineer

 Windows Low level developer  Authoring 0day exploits  Malware researcher

https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexvx/ https://angel.co/alexvolkov

Andrey Baranovich

Security Engineer

 Binary hacker  Security researcher  Linux system developer

https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrey-baranovich-29023855/ https://angel.co/andrey-baranovich



41



Our Team



Goshko Stanislav

Security Engineer

 Security researcher  Strong assembler developer  Binary hacker

https://www.linkedin.com/in/stas-goshko-aa11bb130/ https://angel.co/goshko-stanislav



Boris Solovyev

Software Engineer

 System developer  Malware research  Automatization

https://angel.co/boris-solovyev



Anton Leshchenko

Software Engineer

 Linux system developer  Networking & driver development  Embedded systems

https://www.linkedin.com/in/anton-leshchenko/ https://angel.co/antonl1911



42



Our Team



Ivan Novikov

Traffic and Data analysis

 SEO  Google Analytics  Advertising

https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100001629368152



Partners and Advisors

Dave Anderson

Former Director Solutions Marketing McAfee, Voltage Security

Broad experience in all aspects of growing companies including strategy, sales, and operations, from successful startups to Fortune 50 companies.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/dave-anderson-795a194/

Nick Bilogorskiy

Sr. Director, Threat Operations at Cyphort, ex. Chief Malware Expert @ Facebook

A founding team member at Cyphort, a next-generation anti-malware startup, and is currently leading threat operations there. He came to Cyphort from Facebook where he was the chief malware expert and a security spokesperson for the company.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/bilogorskiy/



43



Our Team



Wings Platform

The Blockchain Crowdfunding DAO

A decentralized platform to create, join and manage projects

https://www.wings.ai/#!/home/discover



Ambisafe

Ethereum Asset Platform

Engineering, strategy, legal and marketing services to perform your ICO

https://www.ambisafe.co/services/



Daniel Fadeev

Marketing and data analyst

 Administration  Successful Entrepreneur  International communications

https://www.linkedin.com/in/fadeev-danil-7050a048/

Tatiana Abgarian

Corporate Counsel

Productive, versatile attorney with more than 10 years of international business experience.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/tabgarian/



44



Our Team



Lemon Digital

Creative agency

Lemon Digital is a world class creative design agency who have collaborated with top 50 ventures

http://lemon.bz/



Estera

Fiduciary and administration services.

Estera is a world-leading global provider of fiduciary and administration services.

http://estera.com



Andrey Zamovskiy

Chief Blockchain Architect

Ethereum Architect, CEO, Ambisafe, Inc

https://www.linkedin.com/in/nixoid/



Diceus

Enterprise Software Development Company

Diceus is a leading enterprise product development and service company headquartered in Vilnius, Lithuania, and Kiev, Ukraine.

http://diceus.com/



45



Our Team



Appleby Inc

Law firm

Appleby represents combined ingenuity and talent from the most significant international offshore financial centers. Focused on the development of new products and the provision of effective service to its many international clients.

http://applebyglobal.com/



Oleksii Matiiasevych

Technical Partner/Smart contracts engineer

A white-hat hacker, with years of experience in the blockchain space.

https://www.linkedin.com/in/lastperson/



Orderbook

ICO platform

A trading platform for Ethereum-based tokens

www.orderbook.io



Kris Kaspersky



RIP



Security Expert Senior Reverse Engineer McAfee, Check Point Software



Technologies



A white-hat binary hacker, cyber security expert



https://www.linkedin.com/in/nezumi/



46



Supplemental Documents



Supplemental Documents

All documents are accessible by https://levelnet.co/#documents

 Pitch Deck  Long Presentation  Executive Summary  Tech documentation  Provisional patent confirmation  Financial Model & Headcount & Development Plan  Memorandum of Information  LVL Token Offering Terms & Conditions



Contact us

contact@levelnet.co www.levelnet.co Phone: (949) 936-2699 US Office Address 100 Spectrum center drive, Suite 900, Irvine, CA 92618 BVI Legal Address: Jayla Place, Wickham's Cay I PO Box 3190 Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands G1110



