Table of Contents



Introduction

Market investigation

World applications market ICO-projects analysis market Summary

GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT HIME ecosystem structure

BASIC PRODUCT ELEMENTS Business cards and public calendars Ecosystem Marketpalce ICO HIME UNIQUE INNOVATIONS Summary



HIME MONETIZATION AND ECONOMY Ways of product monetization HIT tokens Terms for investors Total amount and HIT tokens distribution PRE-ICO The procedure for conducting an ICO Bonus system for investors Budget distribution Bounty program

HIME ROADMAP

HIME TEAM

CONCLUSION

LITERATURE



WELCOME TO HIME

We live in a unique time witnessing a rapid technical progress no other generation has ever seen before. Over the last century, humanity has reached unprecedented technical heights aimed at making our life easier, simpler, and more comfortable. Open and quick access to any information has become the main driving force of this progress.

The era of the Internet made it possible to get necessary information in seconds. From this time on, there opened those new opportunities that have been unavailable before. It has become the foundation for further rapid development of all the areas of life. Various solutions for communication, work, and entertainment have appeared. All of them successfully solve many global as well as local tasks. A boom of services, applications, systems hit the world. Now we reached the point when each software product is an effective solution to certain specific tasks.

Likewise the Internet eliminated boundaries in getting information, now it's high time to wipe boundaries between software solutions. Now every piece of software, no matter how unique or functional it can be, lacks in integration with other services, combining its functions, solves common but at the same time diverse tasks. This function of boundaries elimination was taken over by HIME. You will combine calendars and chats, calls and translators, work and entertainment  everything you ever wanted and ecosystem participants can offer you.

HIME offers unique solutions for creating a comprehensive, convenient and multifunctional ecosystem. HIME is not just a software product; it is a completely new step on the way to globalization. HIME gives you a new world perception where you are a part of a huge organism, consisting of unique cells, performing their functions and interconnected and providing you with all possible solutions.

HIME creates a service where new focus areas are developing and growing, where any user gets an answer to all sorts of his/her requests, while an ecosystem participant gets unique tools allowing him to quickly integrate , develop his or her software product and make money on it. For this purpose HIME has created an innovative basic platform. Various services are combined and developing in the ecosystem. It is designed to make everything more simple, convenient and global. HIME allows integration with any software solutions and makes them available for any user.



WELCOME TO HIME

The crucial point is that, due to unique solutions like smart search and marketplace, ecosystem participants instantly get all HIME users database. They don't worry about releasing a unique product that needs advertising and developing and without having necessary promotion resources they can lose it with time, as it might be copied by someone.



HIME system is designed to give an opportunity to earn for everyone who integrates into ecoenvironment my means of a smart award



system for being popular. All this shows that HIME is in key with time  the era of technology, globalization, availability, uniqueness and



multi-purpose.



" Time is the Most Valuable Asset Now."



One of the ICO projects has recently completed a crowd sale in 30 seconds, having sold tokens for 35 million



dollars. During this transaction, the price of one second was over 1 million dollars. Yes, time is money so



businessmen and pragmatic users need convenient and smart applications that allow to use it rationally.



Our own experience of everyday use of specifically oriented applications, storing hundreds of paper business cards, cheques and receipts, performing many routine and inefficient actions for everyday tasks was a trigger for HIME development. That is how the idea of creating an innovative ecoenvironment using blockchain technology, convenient for both business and personal interaction was born. And we succeeded. The product has combined many applications and services for businesses of any format and regular use. Ecosystem gives a person everything that he has already got used to as well as innovative services that he could only dream of. HIME offers a user a unique set of tools for business, work, entertainment, communication, information storage, creation and sharing of content in social networks, blogs, and chats. The ecosystem destroys all barriers that interfere with business and personal interaction.



The project is interesting for investors due to innovations. The ability to integrate any services through an open API with a visual constructor provides a powerful growth potential for profitability and ecosystem development for the benefit of users and investors. Its own cryptocurrency will become a means of payment for goods and services within the ecosystem. It can be converted through stock exchanges with transfer to a bank card.



INTRODUCTION



INTRODUCTION

Before one started working in an innovative ecoenvironment for business and personal communication, the application market was studied. It turned out that while having a rich functionality for everyone applications have common shortcomings:

 applications are closed for interaction among themselves;

 absence of possibility of all-round interaction in all areas between the client and business;

 lack of the ability to add your own functionality;  Absence of complex applications for the daily solution

of all user tasks in a single multifunctional space;  lack of tools and a platform for developing one's own

innovative solutions.



"HIME: Two hundred services - is not a limit."

At the same time, another conclusion was made. In the application market there is no counterpart for logical construction, convenience and depth of integration even slightly resembling HIME. At first it even puzzled the developers. It turned out that the new platform has practically no competitors. Then it became clear that the idea of creating a global ecoenvironment was truly innovative, since other resources only remotely resemble the ecoenvironment compared to what HIME implements. In fact, HIME is the next stage of evolution, in which unique single-celled organisms provided with one ability, evolve into the ecosystem, creating a new multifunctional organism.



INTRODUCTION



We studied the functionality of messengers, which can be allocated to the lowest tier of the ecosystem. Even with all their disadvantages, they are very popular. The next object of research was the market of CRM-systems. They are designed to do business, but are not directly related to working with customers and all parts of the company. Social networks that became not only a place of communication on interests but also advertising platforms were analyzed. However, they only provide functionality related to advertising and do not have tools for doing business management. They do not have the ability to combine business processes and work with the client. Then one came to understanding that the process of globalization requires new solutions breaking the language barrier between people and companies.

A huge number of old outdated formats of interaction in business and private communication caught the eye of the developers. Use of paper business cards, storage sales slips for goods and warranty coupons, publication of tons of paper advertising products. It's time to convert all this into a convenient, eco-friendly electronic format. Humanity will stop destroying forests for the production of paper - this will be the environmental component of the HIME project. HIME team came to the main conclusion- users do not have a convenient, reliable ecosystem with many interrelated business and life-relevant services taking away out-of-date forms of interaction. Many software areas are outdated or imperfect, and some are completely absent.



The innovative HIME ecosystem with unique functionality and openness to integration with other services will attract the attention of users and investors.

The advantages of the blockchain system in HIME platform are used for:

 formation of database and transaction archive with the desired level of openness;

 protection of information;  reation of a cloud storage;  embedding smart contracts into the application

when integrating third-party modules through an open API with the constructor.

Global ecoenvironment will conquer users with convenience, simplicity and reliability. They will be able to work all day and earn money, communicate and have fun, store and organize information in one application, without wasting time on transitions to other services. Ecoenvironment is open for integration with third-party resources. HIME is a dynamic system aimed at improving existing and emerging new functions as the need arises for them.



INTRODUCTION

HIME is an innovative ecosystem with elements of blockchain technology. It combines many necessary services for work, business and communication. Already now this is an innovative working product that:

 takes into account all the needs of B2B and B2C companies;  combines dozens of unique and well-known in-demand services in

one application;  is a system open for development, modification and external

integration.

The target audience is waiting for such solutions. Investors will be convinced of this in the near future when the effectiveness of paid services and marketplaces will be on full display. Developers believe that the time for the HIME ecosystem to enter the ICO-project market was chosen correctly. This product will bring the application market to a new level of development. It creates a completely different way and format for interaction of everybody with everyone for the best result, comfort and efficiency.



"HIME  global platform for doing business, entertainment

and communication."



MARKET RESEARCH



MARKET RESEARCH

MARKET RESEARCH To assess the relevance of this development for crypto investors and users, an analysis of the main trends in the development of the application market and ICO projects in 2017 was conducted.

The Global Applications Market A well-known developer and expert of the mobile applications market, App Annie published a report on June 27, 2017 where he estimated the volume of the world applications market in 2021 to be $ 6.3 trillion.

The main factors of market growth:  a rapid increase in the pool of mobile devices;  increase of the average amount of time that users spend on mobile applications during the day;  development of advertising and mobile commerce .(1)

The application market is characterized by constant growth of the target audience. This can be seen in the example of instant messengers. Statistics shows that they become increasingly popular with users of different ages. Below is the data of VERTO ANALYTICS authoritative company about the use of leading messengers by consumers of different age groups (aged 18-70 ). (2)

1 -http://www.vertoanalytics.com/a-day-in-the-life-of-messaging-apps/



MARKET RESEARCH

The most popular applications are social networks and messengers:  the volume of transactions WhatsApp, Snapchat and Line on January 1, 2017 amounted to 80.0, 23.8 and 9.3 billion US dollars respectively, with a number of users of 1 billion, 100 and 220 million people;  the number of active users of Telegram in Russia at the beginning of 2017 reached 6 million people;  in China, the leading application is WeChat. It is used by about 660 million people who spend most of the day in it.

What is interesting about the Chinese phenomenon of the WeChat application? Its popularity is due to its versatility. In this service you can make payments, purchases, book visits to a doctor and stylist, supervise the activities of nannies and children, monitor online broadcasts of trade companies on the Alibaba trade resource, order a take-out. What does WeChat app lack to become even more popular? There are no solutions for B2B and B2C business. Besides, it's a closed system with a set of functions selected by the creators of the application. It does not allow you to integrate the external services you need into the product.

2 - https://www.appannie.com/ru/insights/market-data/app-economy-forecast-6-trillion-market-making/



MARKET RESEARCH

Market analysis of ICO projects

The market of ICO-projects in 2017 is developing very fast. Below is a graph of the change in the number of weekly requests for the sale of tokens in April-July 2017, received by Smith & Crown, an expert in crypto assets. The interest in ICO-projects is rapidly growing. It does not fall despite the large crypto currencies volatility caused by the actions of the main market players.The dynamics of the main market figures for the sale of tokens in 2017 is ahead of the forecast data. Weekly, the sale of tokens ends on an average of 2.75 projects compared to 1.5 projects in 2016. Investments in ICO projects are growing at a high pace. In January-June 2017, blockchain projects attracted more than $ 1 billion, which is 10 times more than the sum of ICO investments for 2016.

Experts of Smith & Crown believe that the priority areas for the development of the global application market in 2017-2020 will be:

 increase in the security of applications for payments and data storage;  creation of applications using cloud technologies;  development of corporate solutions for the integration of B2B and B2C business processes (accounting, management and financial

accounting, planning, sales, personnel and material asset management). There are no such projects either in application market or among cases in the ICO so far. This gap will be filled by HIME, an innovative ecosystem with its own internal cryptocurrency (tokens).

3- https://www.smithandcrown.com/smith-crown-token-sale-listing-policies/ 4- https://www.smithandcrown.com/smith-crowns-token-sale-vetting-results-community-poll/



MARKET RESEARCH

Summary

HIME innovational ecoenvironment market launch is up to date and timely. It is a global platform for doing business, entertainment and communication. Dozens of useful unique services are integrated into a single ecosystem. The versatility of the product comes up to the expectations of the target audience and promising areas mobile application market development. HIME will become a means of uniting users to increase the profitability of their business and conveniently solve a variety of daily tasks that are important for modern people.

 The relevance of HIME for the blockchain environment is conditioned by:  the release of its currency (tokens) based on Ethereum for use within the platform as a means of payment;  creation of a cloud storage blockchain system;  increase in profitability and the actual value of assets as the product develops;  increase in the cost of initial tokens and investors' income due to the increase in the number of users and the work of the

marketplace;  integration of smart contracts into the application when integrating third-party modules;  monetization of investments through paid advertising, analytics, search requests, external calls and commissions.

HIME is a New Generation of Applications for Life and Business.

The result of finding effective solutions for business was the creation of a new generation application. Investments in HIME will be of interest to big investors and crypto enthusiasts, who will duly appreciate the significance and innovation of this project.

"HIME is a New Generation of Applications for Life and Business."



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

HIME mission is to provide the target audience with a global ecoenvironment for personal and business interaction without barriers between services and applications, develop new areas, to make interaction better, easier and more global.

Ecosystem Structure Basic HIME ecosystem consists of the following modules:

1. Contacts (business card keeper, networking) 2. Communication (social networks, chats, calls, streaming) 3. Translator 4. Calendars 5. Schedule 6. Cards 7. Decentralized cloud storage 8. Marketplace 9. Internal Search 10. The system of project and task management (task tracker) 11. Crypto currency 12. Money payment/transfer 13. Entertainment and visualization of augmented reality 14. Open API with a constructor for smart contracts integration 15. Social network 16. A search engine to find both individuals and companies, goods and services.

HIME team is actively developing innovative solutions for each area. Many of them are unique and have no counterparts. They are aimed at convenience, functionality and simplicity of use. We are developing such areas as contacts, business management, loyalty programs, social, business and entertainment networks, etc.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

Particular attention is given to the interaction of modules based on unique innovative technical solutions. A user can create his/her own applications inside HIME. Customers can easily find all business users of the ecoenvironment. An open API with a constructor provides integration with external services for maximum efficiency and convenience.

The ecosystem erases all boundaries between software products, companies, people, third-party resources and services. Inside the ecosystem you can use the functionality of any application, adapting it to your needs. Thanks to HIME, B2B and B2C segment companies can easily and effectively interact with customers and partners. A user of the ecosystem can find and pay for necessary services through it, including the internal crypto currency HIT tokens. An innovative and extensive market is created for virtual money circulation of the ecosystem opening the possibility of increase in investment yield growth in HIME.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

BASIC ELEMENTS OF THE PRODUCT

The idea of H IME can be best described by its five main elements:

1. Business Cards and Public Calendars

HIME is an application for business and ordinary people, removing the boundaries between them. Identification of a person and company in the ecosystem is carried out through business cards, each user can have several ones. A business card is a separate account of the owner (for business, work, family, hobby) filled out with information in any desired format. These business cards are easy to update, so, unlike paper, they are always relevant.

Originally, the product was more focused on ordinary users. There appeared popular services inside of it - chat, files, videos, and contacts exchange, the ability to make external calls inside the platform. File sharing and stream broadcast services through the app and YouTube were added. innovative services having no counterparts were launched. A detailed description is provided in Unique HIME Innovations section.

Then a Public Calendar feature appeared in HIME. How does it work? Let us imagine a user wants to set up an appointment with the dentist:



Card



Calendar dentist



choice of free time in the schedule



sending a request



receiving confirmation



discussion of the details in a personal

chat of the event



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

Exchanging cards in HIME automatically relieves business representatives from the necessity for paper business cards and printed advertising product. The benefits are:

 company saves on production of advertising products;  a user doesn't have to store the paperwork and writing the information in notepads;  ecology of the planet is improved due to deforestation for the production of paper and reduction of the amount of garbage, that

all the paper advertising materials sooner or later turn into.

Thanks to HIME, all the information from catalogs and brochures gets into the right format in a business card business point of contact.

2. HIME B2B and B2C Ecosystem

Business solutions in a ready-to-use platform have been added. Companies can create their own corporate business cards as well as business cards for employees. When joining the company integrated into HIME, an employee who is already using the application has no need to install it again. Another card- a corporate one - is added to his/her existing business cards. When an employee is leaving the company, it deletes a card while saving all other business cards-accounts created by user for other purposes.

With a work company business card you can:  create appointments, schedules for employees and customers;  conduct correspondence, conference translation;  integrate with CRM system and external resources for business cooperation;  maintain databases of employees and customers;  quickly share contacts by generating a four-digit code, geolocation, QR code, download information from a paper business card photo.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

3. Ecosystem

HIME team realized soon that there's no point in creating a huge pool of relevant services by setting themselves in opposition to the whole world. As a result, the product has become the world's first ecoenvironment for easy integration in which any user can add a desired unit, service or program. HIME developers do not dictate anything- on the contrary- every person and company is given a unique opportunity of expanding ecoenvironment at the expense of the desired services. At first, a regular API was created for this purpose but then the developers went further and did what has never been done before. HIME team has created a unique ecosystem in which the user can graphically create his/her own units to fit his/her design, buttons, tables, animations and integrate his/her application with the ecosystem through open API. Any desired resource can be integrated into the ecosystem and will work as an integral part of HIME, the function of which the user can activate whenever he/she wishes.

This is Impossible in Any Other Application.

All the integrations are checked by HIME team to ensure the highest quality content.

4. Marketplace

Creating a marketplace was the next step in the development of the ecosystem. Marketplace is not only for sales of goods and services, but also for all possible software solutions. User gets a platform with intelligent search, thanks to which he can find the best deals per his/her request. Suppose a user needs to buy tickets to the theater. Fifty operators of that market segment have integrated into the ecosystem. Even knowing the names of the leading companies, one cannot be sure it is they who have the best price and date offer. Therefore, ecosystem creators suggest not seeking for a company's business card but a certain offer instead. It should be found via a smart search available from anywhere in the app and providing the user with the best option.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

So, you can choose a date in the calendar and type a ticket to the theater" search phrase. Smart search will return all the results. The user will not choose the offer of the company whose name is on everyone's lips thanks to advertising but the best deal available in the ecoenvironment. One can then proceed to the hall layout, choose vacant seats to book tickets and pay for them within the platform by also using HIT tokens internal cryptocurrency. Thus, it is possible to search not only for products but also for any services.

5. Development of New Areas

Our goal is not just to create an ecoenvironment that combining many services and functions. We want to create, add, correct, modify and invent many things a software segment lacks.

We are working on each of the arias, making them all-purpuse, interconnected, convenient and multifunctional. Originally, many ready-to-use software products were not meant to be global , integrated and all-purpose. All that proves the fact simple external integration maybe not enough. It is comparable to the evolution, which, in order to achieve its goal, replaces obsolete elements with better, more adapted ones. The same thing should happen to software solutions,. HIME realizes that. We chose a complex but the right path towards evolution, development and progress.

We have identified basic areas our product will be developing in:

1. Business Environment When developing an ecosystem there was a task before us to create the most convenient service for business by meeting its demands in all possible spheres. As a result, HIME is creating a network for business where a user can manage any products, companies, departments; interact with customers and employees. The mechanism behind this service should provide top quality content. Such services as e-signing, documents verification professional tests are capable of doing that. The possibility of integration with ready CRM systems for the maximum benefit from using HIME is also being implemented.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

2. Blockchain Technologies. Our team is focused on using blockchain technologies for solving manty tasks. It is an internal cryptocurrency, owing to which a feature of payment for goods and services through our product will become possible. It is a decentralized storage where each blockchain user can allocate a part of his/her resources for file storage and earn on it. Now free space on a hard drive will become one of your income sources.

3. Loyalty Program Systems Having analyzed software products marked we arrived to the conclusion there are no solutions in the world capable of satisfying any market. We are using subscriptions, maps, booklets for participation in loyalty programs. We decided it to bring it to a new level. It became a reality with a platform like ours. We are creating a service using which you will be posted on any marketing programs. You will be able to find a business card of any restaurant, club, store and browse through the latest information about it. You will be able to pay the bills, get cheques, slips. A menu, booklet view and table choice service will be available. All this will become available and work at the expense of integration with all POS management software world market leaders.

4. Social Networks for Business and Regular Users Giving an integration opportunity to all software resources in the ecosystem, we must give the same opportunity to users. We are creating our own social network. Besides, one can customize it according to his/her needs. Actually, there are two types of networks ordinary and business ones. You will be able to create groups, subscribe to people's, groups', stores' posts. In the business network you will be able to find employees, communicate with them, subscribe to companies' and users' posts. Having created an innovation service of identifying qualifications, you will be able to check his/her level and compliance with your requirements actually before talking to him/her. Thanks to our contacts transfer service, you can easily exchange contacts on the network, at the meeting or just by phone.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

5. Augmented Reality Creating a marketplace for the ecosystem, we decided to dedicate our attention to a new but very fast growing technology. Developing loyalty programs we decided to add a feature of augmented reality. You can come to any place and, with the help of augmented reality and a mobile phone, see the information, commercials, advertising unavailable for a "regular" eye. With such a service, a loyalty program will become interactive, more functional and flexible. For example, you can point a phone to a price tag and play a lottery to win a discount , look through the whole model line of clothing or gadgets, watch video on products functionality, etc. Everything will be available in HIME.

6. Cryptocurrency One of HIME goals in eliminating boundaries between applications and users. However, borders between countries and their currencies are also to be erased. The best way to implement it is to create an internal cryptocurrency. It can be bought and exchanged with any currency of the world and with HIME common currency one can purchase goods and pay for any services.

8. Maps The service that we create wouldn't be complete without Maps. Users will be able to place their stores, business cards, see the current location, lay routes to necessary destination points. Maps can also be externally integrated where developers will be able to attach their loyalty programs, services, games. Thus, maps will become a part of the ecoenvironment which, in its turn, will become more mature and functional. The afore-mentioned is only a part of our plans. We will keep going!

9. The ICO Now we're going to talk about how ICO adds value to investors and users of the ecosystem. It's important for Investors, what value purchased HIT tokens will have in the future: HIME tokens value will depend on the product development. Number of ideas developers planned to implement up to 2020 are characterized by innovation and scale. Tokens will be the means of payment within the platform. This will create a market for internal HIME currency. Its value will affect user activity who are buying and selling goods and services through the application.



Unique HIME Innovations

We have developed and implemented a number of innovations to the ecosystem that have no counterparts:

 online conversation calls translator completely removes language barriers. Due to HIME one can call anyone in the world and communicate normally with them without knowing a foreign language. Suppose you speaks English, and the other person speaks Chinese. You both do not know each other's language. The ecosystem will allow you to speak your language, and the caller will hear you in his/her language, and vice versa;

 there is a function of conversion of the content of the telephone conversation with a voice to a text file in the ecosystem, including the translation from a foreign language. Thus, you have a transcript of the conversation;

 HIME has a unique feature voice messages. But that's not all. Within three seconds after audio message start, the user can give a voice response, without touching the gadget. It will be instantly delivered to the recipient in the form of the text. If it is more than one message, the application reads them in order of receipt, giving the user time to a voice response to each subscriber;

 HIME team is already developing a mini device that is attached to the collar and allows you to live chat with people who speak different languages. A smart device "hears" user's speech and voices its translation directly through the speaker;

 if, during a phone call, people said any phone numbers, after the call ends a smart app will show them to the users, who can copy, add them to a business card, find a card by number to identify time and meeting place with the caller in the conversation and add them to Calendar;

 a service for YouTube stream broadcasting has been set up. The user can stream video to YouTube directly from HIME. In the course of development of this service, the possibility of broadcast language translation has been added. For example, you can now broadcast video in English and subscribers who have joined via HIME will hear it online in their own language;

 the ability to integrate with other SIP services has been implemented. That is, you can integrate SIP working in HIME, freely receive and make calls;

 we have created a Public Calendar Module when any user can create one or more events, schedule, schedule of sessions and they will be visible to other users who, in their turn, can join up to participate, sign up for an appointment;

 We have made it possible to transfer contacts between users with the help of sound. Now you can watch ads on TV and get a contact simply by turning on HIME. This contact will be received by everyone being present at the meeting who turned on HIME.



GETTING FAMILIAR WITH THE PRODUCT

Summary

Useful and interconnected modules are merged in the ecoenvironment with business cards-contacts continuous database. A HIME user can integrate calendars, SIP systems, notifications, payments, shopping, other necessary services and resources into it through the API and a visual constructor. This ecosystem is an innovative multifunctional product for business and personal interaction. It breaks down all the barriers between services by creating a previously unachievable comfort and saves time.

The uniqueness and novelty of the product lies in:

 bringing the application to a new level with a previously unavailable depth and ease of integration with external services, trade platforms, payment systems;

 unique technical solutions (streaming, business cards, translator, multi-account, etc.);  combination of global search and Google analytics with ecoenvironment filters, through which the user receives only high quality

content;  income growth of companies which, after placing business cards in the ecoenvironment, can find new customers easier;  creation of an internal market for cryptocurrency - tokens, which can pay for purchases inside the app through the marketplace.

An ecosystem can be integrated with any relevant functionality adapting to target audience requests. This is a new generation global innovative product with wide functional capabilities and expansion opportunities as well as interaction with external resources and internal tokens market



HIME MONETIZATION AND ECONOMICS



HIME MONETAZATION AND ECONOMICS

HIME ecosystem for business and personal interaction will carve out a unique niche in the applications market. The product has no direct analogues and competitors offering such an extensive and convenient service. Investments in product innovation with the possibility of large-scale expansion is of interest to all crypto market participants.

Ways of Product Monetization A large-scale project open to integration with external services offers several ways of monetization:

 premium modules - analytics, external calls;  advertising;  commission for payment;  paid entertainment content;  subscription options;  paid advertising search queries and transitions to integrated modules. As the ecosystem develops and the number of users grows there will appear other ways to increase the total profit of the project and its cost-effectiveness. Price of the pilot tokens and payment tokens will increase. Smart contracts integration excludes token issuance policy violations published in WHITEPAPER and TOKEN SALE POLICY, attraction of investments in the project, budget allocation and profit.

HIT Tokens Cryptographic tokens described in this section, are tokens working on blockchain compatible with HIME software. HIT token is "produced" at the tokens factory using the API as a final point. It is a consistent information stored on blockchain. The main functions of HIT tokens are:

 a means of attracting investments through the ICO;  internal currency for using paid services;  a means of payment between ecosystem users;  payment of fees and service charges;  distribution of profit between the investors in proportion to the number of purchased tokens;  a means of payment under smart contracts Transaction fees commission in token amounts to 5% of its amount. The fee is charged automatically based on smart contract.



HIME MONETAZATION AND ECONOMICS

Conditions for Investors HIME ecosystem is a multifunctional service for business and personal interaction, work, B2C and B2B business, communication and entertainment. Motivation for investors is gaining profit from capitalization of investments in already ready-to-use large-scale IT-product having no counterparts. A number of features implemented in the ecosystem use the advantage of blokchain technology. The product has encapsulated unique features being unrivaled. Investments are necessary for the ecosystem development, testing and promotion.

Total Number and Distribution of HIT Tokens A total of 35.8 million HIT tokens will be issued for ICO project:

 10% of HIT tokens total amount will be received by HIME team;  3% will become the property of advisors, experts and partners as an acknowledgement for the professional assistance in the

evaluation of the project, promoting it on social networks, and conducting ICO - Bounty program;  22% for bonuses payment;  65% will be offered for sale to investors.

Unsold HIT tokens will be destroyed at the end of ICO project. Crowd sale with the issue limit of 23 300 000 HIT tokens will be held in 1 stage. Planned (claimed for ICO) amount of investment will be used for further development, implementation, and follow-up revision of the ecosystem:

1. 2017 - 100 000 HIT tokens 2. 2018 - 2019 - 23 200 000 HIT tokens

Crowdsale ends upon the ICO finish or when the set limit is reached. Project financing amounts in 2017-2020 shown above are subject to adjustment in accordance with the actual volume of investments attracted during the ICO



HIME MONETAZATION AND ECONOMICS

ICO Conducting Procedure Sale of tokens:

Start: 16.11.2017 (12:00 SET Time, UTC + 1) End: 16.02.2018 (12:00 SET Time, UTC + 1) or when a limit is reached Tokens limit: 23 300 000 HIT tokens (23,300 ETH) Accepted currency: the ETH, The BTC Exchange rate: 1000 HIT = 1 ETH The number of tokens per user: Unlimited Minimum transaction amount: 0.01 ETH Maximum transaction amount: unlimited Limitation by region: By participating in this PRE-Ico you agree to the terms and conditions and confirm that you not a citizen of the USA or Hong Kong and Singapore.

Terms and conditions of the ICO are described in the ROADMAP and TOKEN SALE POLICY.

The ICO is considered successful if the amount of HIT tokens purchased by investors will be 5% of the total. No refund will be given. Upon the ICO completion the work on financing the project will be continued in accordance with the budget allocation procedure set forth in WHITEPAPER, TOKEN SALE POLICY and according to the objectives and timing specified in the ROADMAP (taking into consideration investment volume obtained).



HIME MONETAZATION AND ECONOMICS



No



If sold HITs



bonus



1



Till 22 Nov 2017 12:00 (UTC + 1)



+ 30%



2



Till 27 Nov 2017 12:00 (UTC + 1)



+ 15%



3



Till 01 Dec 2017 12:00 (UTC + 1)



+ 10%



4



Till 12 Dec 2017 12:00 (UTC + 1)



+ 5%



Bonus System for investors

Each investor who participated in Pre-ICO will additionally receive a 40% bonus to the value of the tokens he bought.

During ICO, bonuses are paid on a dates basis. Bonuses are calculated immediately when you buy.



HIME MONETAZATION AND ECONOMICS

Distribution of the Budget Attracted investment will be distributed as follows:

 75% - for further development of ecosystem software, testing, independent audit;  10% - marketing and promotion of HIME;  10% - legal support and administration of the project, including accounting and management  5% - contingency fund;



HIME MONETAZATION AND ECONOMICS

HIME places for bounty pool 3% of tokens sold :

We distributed interest, as follows: 01. Facebook--10% 02. Twitter--20% 03. BitcoinTalk Signature Campaign--25% 04. BitcoinTalk Translation Campaign -- 10% 05. Blogging Campaign -- 35%

You can join our bounty at any time. Though the sooner you do it, the more you will get You must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days To receive bounty, you must participate till the end of the ICO +3 days The final list of tokens owned by each partner will be available in 10 days after the ICO Our tokens will be available in the Investor's Personal Account (will be ready soon), that's why we need your personal e-mail. You will also be able to transfer tokens to you personal wallet from there.

The reverse exchange of tokens is possible at achievement of threshold amounts, and when you click the button "I Want to exchange tokens bounty", which will be implemented by the end of the ICO. You can use the function of sharing of the bounty tokens within 10 days after the end of ICO. For this you need to register in our Investor's Personal Account:

http://ico.HIME-me.com/registration.html



HIME ROADMAP



September 2015

Creating HIME team



HIME ROADMAP



October 2015



November 2015



December 2015



Started working on business card unit (any number of business cards, the possibility of bundling chats and calls within business cards, OCR and business cards transfer). Users do not need to store paper business cards



A system for searching and exchanging business cards through a four-digit code has been created; a function of transferring contacts in the chat by geolocation has been added.

Innovation - after a telephone conversation, the user is offered a list of all the phone numbers that sounded during it. The app will suggest including them in business card owners or will find the right card by phone number



Each business card in HIME is a separate account. A user can have multiple cards in the ecosystem (for business, family affairs, hobbies). A function to display one's own calendar, public events of other people's business cards and calendars has been added.



January 2016



HIME ROADMAP



January 2016



February 2016



March 2016



The Business card can now be filled with information in any format (photo, portfolio, CV, comments). Functions of attachment of necessary pages of social networks, accounts, users' geolocation to the business card have been added. Ability to view the public calendar of the necessary user (company or dentist, stylist) and set up an appointment for free time with getting a confirmation of the record in the schedule has been implemented. Within the framework of this request, a separate chat to discuss the details is created.



Convenient solutions for B2B and B2C businesses have been implemented. A company- HIME user can create the required number of business cards for employees. Business cards have to do only with business matters, while life of a person, as a regular user, with family affairs, entertainment and hobbies, takes place within his/her other business cards. When a person is fired, his/her business card is deleted, but he continues to use the ecosystem for personal affairs and communication.



Chat



Module



development (instant



messaging, calls log and



integration of file



sharing). A function to



create group chats with



the possibility of events



broadcasting and their



management has been



added.



Mobile applications market has been analyzed. The main objective of HIME project- creation of multifunctional ecoenvironment with convenient functionality and internal cryptocurrency, with an open API and the constructor to easily integrate any service according to users' needs has been formulated.

HIME is an innovative resource for life and business which can be developed to fit your needs. HIME ecosystem is open to the world, it does not fight with it, and invites to cooperation and interaction. HIME is unique in the fact that it takes into account individual needs of the user and, at the same time, provides the target audience with basic fundamental ecoenvironment modules for business and private life.



Ecosystem implementation and platform development



April 2016



May 2016



July 2016



November 2016



Chat Module has been improved. Auto response services to reply to received message(s), contacts transfer, connection to the calendar and creation of a public event in the chat have been added. Ability to change the background has been added. System of reminders added.



Selecting the name of the product - HIME ecosystem (eco environment). Finalizing the Calendar Module with features of creating public events for oneself and a group of contacts (including chats), and reminders. Functionality for exchanging contacts, broadcasts, messaging within groups of business cards has been added



Services of creation and



acceptance of applications for



participation in public events



with the termination of



registration upon reaching the



specified limit have been



implemented. A solution is



found for integration into CRM



systems platform, allowing to



keep record of the staff and



customers, as well as



monitoring



their



communication



and



performance of duties.



The work on Call Module has



been



completed.



The



ecosystem can receive all types



of calls (video, VPN, ipSec) with



recording and encryption.



December 2016



HIME ROADMAP



February 2017



April 2017



May 2017



Translator Module with unique features of chat text translation into 50 languages, translation of phone calls in the call log and video broadcasts. Bringing translation to an external speaker. Tools for learning foreign languages.



Business Card Keeper is



supplemented with features of



transfer and validation of business



cards, chat and calls linking within



the framework of business cards.



A feature of business card



corporate



style



design



customization for B2C and B2B



businesses



has



been



implemented. After participation



in an exhibition, a user does not



have to sort out piles of



brochures, business cards,



catalogs. There is a solution in



HIME for that - exchange of



business cards, containing all the



information about the company,



its offerings, specialists contact



information, price lists, advertising



and



promotions.



Further



communication with the necessary



business partner is going on



through Business Cards Module



An app, interesting to an ordinary person who can use all the relevant services as well as business that get a platform for interaction with staff, customers and partners has been created.



Business Card Keeper is



complemented with features of



global and topical search,



business cards transfer by



means of sound. Short numbers



service lease for geolocation



has



been



developed.



Companies can integrate their



own SIP-systems into the



ecosystem. Communication via



HIME services, internal



company telephony, calls from



mobile carrier numbers is



possible.



The development of the Business Card module is completed. Business cards global management function, possibility of creating widgets for sites and contact by business card has been added. Testing of working ecosystem.



June 2017



HIME ROADMAP



July 2017



August 2017



September 2017



A chat module is improved. The function of audio and video messages transfer has been added. Filter and message tags installed. Division into important and plain messages, ability to view only the important ones has been implemented. Subscriptions feed. External integration and external API creation is implemented as well as reward and constructor systems to visualize the integration result.

A PR-strategy has been developed. Advertising platforms, publications plan has been identified. Participation in conferences, publications in mass media, social communities to attract the attention of investors and crypto enthusiasts.



Running a PR-campaign with the focus on all potential investors. Target audience participants of craft founding programs, users, crypto investors, business angels. A service for internal payments through the integrated payment systems has been created. The Calls Module is enhanced with features of conference call, customizable answering machine, and integrated GSM numbers with a link to a business card. Personal ringtones for each contact and own business card. Payment system, YouTube, file sharing has been integrated.



Cryptocurrency Module has been developed. HIT tokens integration as a means of payment at the currency stock exchange has become possible. Creating a blockchain. The development of the internal search engine (shops, services, content, PayPal).

An ecosystem with its own internal currency you can use pay for goods and services inside the ecosystem has been created for the first time. The value of the internal currency due to its use as a means of payment is constantly growing.



Preparation for pre-ICO project announcement in cryptocurrency investor communities (Bitcoin Talk, Reddit). Writing the Executive Summary. Receiving feedback. Analysis of information on the interest of investors in the project. HIME business model approval with specifying terms and conditions for investors, budget allocation, elaboration of bonus system and Bounty program.



October 2017



HIME ROADMAP



October 2017



November 2017



December 2017



A company has been registered to bring the project to the ICO. A company's corporate multilanding to inform investors and promote the product has been created. White Paper, Roadmap, Tokens Sale Policy and Privacy Policy executed. Conducting pre-ICO. Analysis of pre-ICO, studying comments of all participants, fixing ecosystem bugs found by experts.



The announcement of the tokens sale start date on HIME website one month prior to ICO. One Page, White Paper, Roadmap, Privacy Policy and Tokens Sale Policy have been published. A special site with cells for investors has been created An algorithm for the distribution of bonuses and their transfer to investors has been set forth. A Social Networks Module with features of creating news and information pages, division into profiles, group news feed for chats has been developed. Systems of hash tags and likes, advertising blocks display have been created.



Conducting ICO.

Development of the marketplace with intelligent search and integration with companies, services and payment systems. Search process for goods, services, tickets begins with selecting a date in the calendar and typing in the search field. A user receives not a list of companies' business cards but specific offers according to his/her request. This eliminates the discrimination in the market of young and little-known companies with interesting offers. A few clicks and the product is already paid for in a convenient way - all within the app. Companies receive free analytics - the most popular ecosystem users search requests.



Summing up the ICO results. Adjusting the budget for the years 2018-2020 in view of actually attracted investments.



January 2018



HIME ROADMAP March 2018



May 2018



Functionality development for reward payment and payment for goods and services via HIT tokens.Starting to create a decentralized cloud storage.

Creating one's own cloud storage.

Commencing work on the loyalty system  developing functionality for the reward of ecosystem participants providing their resources. Creating loyalty program cards and issuing them to clients. Integration with the world's biggest trading platforms. The ability to browse the best trade offers as well as the history of your purchases, information about promotions, bonuses and discounts. Payment purchases within the ecosystem.



Maps Module development (displaying fixed objects on a map, laying routes, map search, display of public business cards on it, integration with task-trackers and calendars).



Creation of functionality for messengers, services for design and payment, CRM sales and HR management systems integration. Integration with healthcare institutions, HR and marketing.



July 2018

A feature to create one's own modules by software templates and API has been added to marketplace block. Direct integration with the product, payment systems and discount has been implemented, generation of proposals on key requests in the search engine. Company services integration



August 2018



HIME ROADMAP



November 2018



January 2019



March 2019



Search Module functions expansion by tags and hash tags, modules in the application and marketplace. Vacancies, CV's search, connection with live chat, contacts, and calendars. A program of integration into the ecosystems of major popular applications to combine their advantages with HIME resources has been worked out.



Enhancement by the discount system of the application. Creating loyalty cards attached to a business card or an object, a discount business card. HIME integration with world's sales systems manufacturers and loyalty programs. Promoting HIME on a global market.



Social Networks Module function to create a profile for marketplace communication, social networks and blogs in the desired view style has been added. Implementation of the reward system from advertising. Smart filter. Working in social networks promoting HIME.



Functionality development for the discount system by creating an API for integration of other software manufactures My Account function to administer the discount systems and loyalty programs. External card linked to HIME account. Mailing lists and integration with the calendar.



June 2019

Developing services to be linked to object geolocation and creating a chat room within Maps. Online payment of cheques and transaction history browsing.



HIME ROADMAP



August 2019



September 2019



November 2019



HIME Security Audit



Integration of internal currency services into the ecosystem alongside with PayPal and external payment systems. Getting the first feedback from target audience and expert assessment.



Developing functionality for calls and communication within the framework of a discount card. Visualization of loyalty programs. Executive summary on performed tasks in 2019. The product is winning trust on the global market.



January 2020

Visualization of augmented reality (advertising, games, business cards, information messages).



HIME ROADMAP March 2020



July 2020



Task Tracker Module has been completed. A convenient service for the setting, management and tasks distribution linked to users, the ability to track their status, attach files, and generating commands has been created.



Functionality to create reminders, notes, and their integration with the calendar has been created. Managing two types of news feeds - for the whole community and for groups. Each user will be able to find his/her group and to subscribe to relevant topics for them.



HIME TEAM



Marat Daulbaiev-- Co-founder. A serial entrepreneur. Over 14 years of experience in business development in various areas (sales, design, security and programming). https://www.linkedin.com/in/marat-da ulbaev-a1879166/ md@HIME-me.com



Zaparovanyi Ivan -- Co-founder, CTO. Over 6 years of experience with enterprise level software. A system architect and product manager for high performance online services. Big projects management on creating software and hardware complexes. https://www.linkedin.com/in/ivan-zaparov anyi-86035154/ https://www.facebook.com/ivan.zaparovan yi iz@HIME-me.com



Vladimir Samoilov-- Co-founder. A business angel. The entrepreneur with over 25 years of experience, who founded several companies in different countries. Successful management, development and promotion of innovation projects all over the world. Financial analyst advisor for the whole series of significant projects. vs@HIME-me.com



Denis Volkov -- Team Lead. Over 5 years of experience in project and team managemnt in software development. A leading IOS developer. There are a lot of successfully implemented projects in his portfolio. https://www.facebook.com/denis.volko v.334?fref=ts dv@HIME-me.com



Mikhail Kozhushko -- SIP and security specialist. 14 years of experience in information security, 8 years in VoIP SIP. Successful implementation of efficient solutions for high-load systems. mk@HIME-me.com



Zamedliankyi Vitaliy -- Designer. Over 10 years of experience. His design got a British CorpComms Award in the nomination for the best application for business. The Winner of "Innovation Breakthrough 2015" contest. https://www.linkedin.com/in/zamedya nskiy/ https://www.facebook.com/vitaliy.zam edyanskiy vz@HIME-me.com



Muzhik Andey  Back-end developer. Whole system architect. High-load system developer based on Erlang. https://www.facebook.com/a.muzhyk?f ref=ts https://www.linkedin.com/in/amuzhyk/ am@HIME-me.com



Krivenko vgeniy -- Senior QR. Over 5 years of experience in testing and debugging software products of different complexity. https://www.linkedin.com/in/krivenko/ https://www.facebook.com/KpuBexa ek@HIME-me.com



Rogovoy Vitaliy  Mobile developer. A leading Android developer. Over 6 years of experience in applications development. Created many successful projects for various areas. https://www.facebook.com/vitalij.rogo voj?fref=ts https://www.linkedin.com/in/rogovoi-vi talii vr@HIME-me.com



Aleksandr Rudavka -- IOS developer. Participated in the development of many successful projects. Successfully implemented innovation solutions for complex tasks. https://www.facebook.com/roudique https://www.linkedin.com/in/roudique/ ar@HIME-me.com



Maxim Kazmin-- Specialist in digital marketing. 10 years of experience in the field of Internet marketing. The main task in the project is to convey to the general audience about the values of the product. https://www.facebook.com/maksim.ka zmin maksim.kazmin@gmail.com



Alexander Pavlenko - a consultant in product development and enticement investors to ICO. He has been holding the CEO position in the international agency of Internet marketing. His experience in marketing and management projects is more than 10 years. https://www.facebook.com/pavlenkoall https://www.linkedin.com/in/pavlenkoall



CONCLUSION



CONCLUSION

HIME ecosystem saves time both for an ordinary user and a businessman. It provides a great many interconnected innovative tools, for business, communication and entertainment. Hundreds of unnecessary switchings from application to application become a thing of the past. Extra time that, thanks to HIME, can be spent with much greater benefit, efficiency and pleasure is released.

We have already created a working application - an ecosystem that brings business and personal interaction to an entirely new level of development. Its unprecedented openness to external integration through API and the constructor, the simplicity of this procedure and the range of tasks performed based on end-to-end technical and software solutions are truly unique. Perfect usability throughout the day in a single application with a lot of innovations for business and personal interaction will be appreciated by millions of users around the world.

For the first time, a convenient space for business, work, communication, shopping and recreation during the day has been created in a new generation large-scale IT product. For the first time, unique tools for monetizing investments through the use of paid services have been created, which each user can integrate in accordance with their own tasks and interests.

For the first time an open, living and developing ecosystem eliminating boundaries between everything and everyone has been created,. We are in key with time - the time of globalization. We make this world a better, easier, more convenient place to live and give people the opportunity to keep life in their hands.

The functionality of the ecosystem removes such an anachronism as paper business cards, promotional materials, booklets, cheques, receipts, warranty cards from life of a user. Just in one click our ecosystem creates and reliably stores electronic versions of all the documents. Thus, HIME developers create a unique level of convenience for users and, at the same time, contribute to solving a global problem of forest conservation, which are ruthlessly cut down for the sake of paper production.

Join HIME  invest in a pragmatic and comfortable future!



LITERATURE



LITERATURE

1. What is a Blockchain https://www.smithandcrown.com/what-is-a-blockchain/

2. Smith + Crown's token sale vetting: results from community poll https://www.smithandcrown.com/smith-crowns-token-sale-vetting-results-community-poll/

3. A Day in the Life of Messaging Apps: Usage Demographics http://www.vertoanalytics.com/a-day-in-the-life-of-messaging-apps/

4. Prognoz po industrii prilozheniy: formiruyetsia rynok obyemom v 6 trln $. [A Forecast on Application Industry: Market of 6 Trillion $ Is Emerging].

https://www.appannie.com/ru/insights/market-data/app-economy-forecast-6-trillion- market-making/

5. Token Rights: Key considerations in crypto-economic design https://www.smithandcrown.com/token-rights/

6. 3 Takeaways from Mediatel's Connected Consumer Conference http://www.vertoanalytics.com/3-takeaways-mediatels-connected-consumer-conference/

7.umerai: A Profile in Tokenization https://www.smithandcrown.com/numerai-profile-tokenization/



