HONESTIS.NETWORK

HONESTIS.NETWORK TRUST chains on blockchains Reputation of services and news

Privacy of your data Assist in company security and more

HONESTIS.Network is Decentralized Business and Social Media based on new web 4.0

concept

Control and security of your data and interactions with internet and decentralized technologies in one simply to use honestis.network

21th November 2017 PAGE 1 of 14

visit : https:// ico.honest is.network Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK

1. Introduction

Social media it is a new technology, but will grow, expand and penetrate dipper the market, as poor countries will develop.

Right now the overdose of information which flow through social media is overwhelming.

Social Media exists and grows.

It is an interesting market with the great potential.

Currently, data science is being used to reduce the cost of advertising, but unfortunately also at the expense of privacy, creating dangerous predictive capabilities and controlling the behaviour of the entire group, and above all the user in front of the computer, taking his time to activities he had not previously planned to do. Our data is a property owned by us, and our contacts and business connections are at our disposal, but we are giving them away for free, very often even paying for it. True social media such as viral marketing are limited by artificial technological processes and filters, so that the customer must advertise the idea or product through their information system. In turn their template way of transmitting information is extremely ineffective and even partially blocked in turn by private user software. This lack of idea to monetize user activity, rather than encouraging this activity (advertising), is an antisocial element and problem in the business model. A solution to this is Honestis network, restoring the social aspect of social media, giving users privacy and full freedom of mind, that kind of social media functionality will be used. Facilitated and fully accessible natural virals and social activity, building business relationships in a more professional and balanced acceptable way.

At the same time having 1 account you can have totally different professional, social and political activity and be perceived as we want by the relevant audience. The intuitive, fast operation and activation of filters, encrusted and personalized business cards offer a number of new possibilities they are more natural to people and, thanks to their multidimensional nature, they will make contacts easier for users with multidimensional relationships. Trust, respect and transparency with increased security of ourselves and our transactions.

Honestis.Network is also to provide you with individual artificial assistant to help you through day, what is your design, to feel accomplished at every step of your day to day journey. Assistant, which is heavily secure so may kept your most precious data, learns from you. Learns how to help you most effective to keep balance in your way of living and to cheer you and keep you always on track.

Honestis.Network is your personal path, where you define how it crosses other people's paths in society, providing you with a safe journey around it and your individuality at a pace that suits you and your needs.

2. What are risks of using social media and e-commerce ?

Someone who is your best friend become your enemy or competition at work, who knows your pets names, your date of birth, phone numbers, best movies and actors. One day this friend tries hack your social media or e-commerce like Amazon account and do it very easy.

PAGE 2 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK

He can sent sex offers to your friends and clients, take some messages with most important people in your life or essential business partners download them, keep them analyse. That is good scenario. The bad is that he do more damage than you can imagine, criminal acts and spoil all your business contacts, make your friends go away or even damage family relationships, just with few messages and posts from your account, and at this point your whole history is wide open to the public, downloaded in package and posted everywhere or you are obligated to pay a ransom every month to someone and never know when you get hit. You might also order 100 dresses for a cat, or cancel all orders made at your shop, or that could do someone who get to your account. Making crimes from your account is hard to investigate if made in smart way. Jail for badly secured Facebook account is possibility not a fairy tale. It is hard to prove that your account was compromised.

3. Our solution for future use of social media and e commerce.

HONESTISoNETWORK is to protect all your data and relations and you and your privacy. If you care about safety of your money and bitcoins. If you care about your relations. If you care about your business. If you care about your family. If you care about yourself your finance, health, privacy, respect and security.

HONESTISoNETWORK is to protect all your data and relations and you and your privacy. HONESTISoNETWORK is new way of communication, trade and expose your identity in trust of chain based on you relations and credibility which they give to you. HONESTISoNETWORK is based on: Honest and clear communication without algorithms as middleman and hazards from machine. Trade human to human gaining reputation for being honest. Signatures Chain of Trust to support your identity by worldwide community. Creating new network of trust. Become owner of portable Identity which is yours and should be guarded strongly. Honest is Network, we co-create network of honest to trust

to trade to talk

PAGE 3 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK



4. Business and investment overview

4.1. SOCIAL MEDIA and E-COMMERCE global growth and growth potential .

Growth in social media is very high, there is big trend of using big data in sales support. This trends growth as no alternative approach and solutions were available or they were crippled in design not giving enough technological space for complex interactions between people.

It is time to change and abandon this outdated system and approach to personal data and communication of common people. Opening letters of every people was domain of communistic regimes not a free democratic countries.



Social media and e-commerce expansion

Total revenue ([ milions $ ])

150



100



50



0 2012



2013



2014



2015



Facebook Amazon



2016



2017 estimation



Penetration of market: Active social media users 2, 789 000 000 around (37% population) Annual growth: 21 % Both will be rising along with rise of population, urbanization and spread of access to internet in general. The market is naturally expanding.

4.2. Need to be more secure as internet is more popular and individual computing power is rising hackers activity

Source: https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/

,,On March 16, 2016 WikiLeaks launched a searchable archive for over 30 thousand emails & email attachments sent to and from Hillary Clinton's private email server while she was Secretary of State. The 50,547 pages of documents span from 30 June 2010 to 12 August 2014."

PAGE 4 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK What hides your social media archive ? Dialog box ? Chat ? Photos ? a) Power of encryption It might serve good or bad, but in general it serve security. http://money.cnn.com/2017/05/12/technology/ransomware-attack-nsa-microsoft/ or might prevent some vicious people to steal your work from email box, even hacked email box if it is encrypted it reveals almost no content of emails to hacker except message title and recipient. b) cryptocurrencies is an unstoppable economy trend with unbelievable return rates https://icostats.com/ AS you can see return rates at level of few thousands % a year that is achievable for tokens.

Your data is your value Machine learning and data science use your data for many things including stock market changes and prediction. Many data might be anonymized and sold and not company like Facebook can be benefiter of it, but you. You know what you sell and to whom and volume of samples to be aware how anonymized and Fuzzy data is transferred to buyer.

PAGE 5 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK

Your personal data is your asset.

5. General overview

HONESTISoNETWORK

This is a platform, which will brand the portal and the community-business platform being hub software for their decentralized versions and in the form of mobile applications.

Honestis.network is oriented on the networking community business leaning on 3 pillars and chains: the public reputation, the privacy and the honesty.

The giving possibility of the realization of the typical functions as social and the communication, forming groups or sharing know and also agreements in business in trade and negotiations.

In order to authenticate like the most of every user and in order to hamper the identity theft digital the center of the cooperation will be using new technologies of the encryption of data, as well as the technology blockchain in order to form the open web of connections authenticated by each Party.

The reputation has also visual representatives through the ranking resulting from evaluations of the transaction as well as their volume on the platform. Contents of the transaction can usually be kept to the message of contracting parties, apart from the form of public tenders, however and in such a situation it on the side of users is the duty and the right to choose the technical appropriate form for the setting of their transaction.

Aspiration to the maximum decentralization, of application as well as content entrusted the platform by the user, is aimed at enabling the identity to save not only very visiting card but also all data and reserves produced by oneself for own use. The mobility of these stores and the fact that they are being stored in the form of decentralized blockchain systems, whether p2p, they are allowing a great deal of freedom in determining who is having access to this data, that is not everything what will be let into the network is tied together to it profile open only for the circle appointed by us, and a platform isn't it.

Some features and user cases:

Along with the decentralization and using the blockchain technology, Honestis is also reaching tokenization of stores, and what is being combined with it, giving back the control over the form and the evolution of the platform to her micro shareholders, users and founders.

Honestis network tokens they are giving also a possibility, using them in the new ecosystem of the trade exchange as well as the propagation of advertisements, or consumer questionnaire forms in order to enable communication inside the community straighter faster and profitable for each party. Questionnaire forms can have an encouraging paid part and be directed to local or of global community.

Control over the evolution of the platform and the application are giving unique on the market social media possibility of the stabilization of the form as well as the way of interaction of the user with the entire world social-media and internet.

PAGE 6 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK



HONESTIS.NETWORK is more than just a platform . It is a internet ecosystem for community.



Create your individual image for chains which you trust. Create business identity and keep it safe. Create connections and transfer them with you when technology migration occur. Store your personal data in secured way. Give access to everyone to content which you want them see, monetize it if you wish.

After each transaction be honest with your partner to get your reputation ratings high Trust, Reputation, Communication those are 3 pillars of Honestis Network. You want to chat with or without any history. Encrypted or not. Make polls to know your customer. Pay for viewing your ads. Give discount coupons instead of sending ads with nothing to users. Make shop or service provider template. Direct pay u2u or with escrows. Sell your data with others, or participate voluntary or being paid in special projects for data science analyze. Honestis Network will create a place where you can buy a social media data for data science analyze and more, as users can deploy or plugin to their profile some unique data like measurements of wind or temperature or other environmental or measurable thing in easy to parse and analyze data stream. End points of data stream next to countess social media interaction data stream, for better more sustainable development and better understating of the market and global situation.

6. Honestis roadmap, listed features - estimated time of delivery



According to preICO seed voting Honestis.Network will mainly focused on security with some aspects of Artificial Intelligence attached, this roadmap is to show where honestis.network can end up with whole team and community effort on the way.



CAP HONESTISoNETWORK

HONESTISoNETWORK payment everywhere try to reach



Up to 6 months

1 year



Basic layers for communication, confirmation of identity and

rating Basic smart contracts for discounts and usual tasks at



PAGE 7 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK



HONESTISoNETWORK data market

HONESTISoNETWORK data science plugins

HONESTISoNETWORK Geolocation of ADDs

PoCs only if max hardcap cap is reached will be develop:

Assistant Optimizer knowing your input data and biorhythm with basic forecast and priority

manager



1,5 year

POCs Up to 3 years



shopping points and or similar.

Trading Data platform to sell and anonymize if needed or

requested data

Plugin manager for microservices to calculate some data analyze inside

Honestis Network

PoCs can have additional Coins inside

Honestis.Network Ecosystem



Assistant Optimizer knowing your input data and biorhythm

User friendly addons: Task and time manager and optimizer using DS and ML

and basic AI. integration of fast FIAT any debitcard and all TOKENS payment with limits for KIDs mode or Tourist/Party mode.

+ payment terminal application for shops ,

restaurants and all entrepreneurs



Your biorhythm analyze and optimization micro services (anonymous data, or stored

on you device)



Intelligent personal AI assistant to help you with your tasks, goals and stamina

and time management

PAGE 8 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK



Assistant analyze your mood and help you be in good mood Mood analyze assistant to cheer you, motivate you,

focus you, calm you down, or help resolve issue



Trading place for trained AI assistants AVATARs to include in

your Assistants team

Assistant become also Consultant knowing your all data to be better planer for you

and advisor



1,5-3 years ( much ai learning and testing with users )



Augmented Reality to make presence of your personal

assistant. Trading place for passing encrypted Assistants avatars [ avatar is backup at any stage of your Assistant or assistant from someone else wallet ] Omnipresent AI assistant just for you. Your Guard Angel with semi personality. Singularity try to reach. NOTE: All assistants are portable they are not owned or triggered by Honestis.Network, all data stored is yours.



Usage of applications will require Honestis Network Tokens also access to some features of Assistant will require some PoS  decided initially by HN and then by H.N DAO.



HONESTISoNETWORK

HONESTISoNETWORK data market

HONESTISoNETWORK data science plugins



Basic 3 rings for communication, confirmation of identity and

trading. Data platform to sell and anonymize if needed or

requested data Plugin manager for microservices to calculate some data analyze inside Honestis Network



PAGE 9 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTISoNETWORK Software addons for payment

everywhere

Assistant Optimizer knowing your input data and biorhythm



HONESTIS.NETWORK



User friendly addons: Task and time manager and optimizer using DS and ML

and basic AI. integration of fast FIAT any debitcard and all TOKENS payment with limits for KIDs mode or Tourist/Party mode.

+ payment terminal application for shops ,

restaurants and all entrepreneurs

Geolocation of ADDs

Your biorhythm analyze and optimization micro services (anonymous data, or stored

on you device)



Assistant Optimizer knowing your input data and biorhythm with basic forecast and priority

manager Assistant analyze your mood and help you be in good mood

Assistant start to be a good planer

Assistant become visible

Trading place for trained AI assistants AVATARs to include in

your Assistants team

Assistant become also Consultant knowing your all data to be better planer for you

and advisor



Intelligent personal AI assistant to help you with your tasks, goals and stamina

and time management Mood analyze assistant to cheer you, motivate you, focus you, calm you down, or

help resolve issue AI assistant to optimize your time, energy, task, goals and spending to reach point which you want to reach in set time perspective Augmented Reality to make presence of your personal assistant. Trading place for passing encrypted Assistants avatars [ avatar is backup at any stage of your Assistant or assistant from someone else wallet ] AI assistant just for you. Your Guard Angel with semi personality. Singularity try to reach. NOTE: All assistants are portable they are not owned or triggered by



PAGE 10 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK

Honestis.Network, all data stored is yours.

How AI will develop and subside the humans in time  read nice article with time predictions. Get your tokens maybe you will not keep the job, but you will keep some of the profits from the jobs being done by AI.

https://www.weforum.org/agenda/2017/06/this-is-when-robots-will-start-beating-humans-at-everytask-ae5ecd71-5e8e-44ba-87cda962c2aa99c2?utm_content=buffer7da66&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_c ampaign=buffer

7. Trading place for data

That mean that users can give up some part of their data voluntary or being paid. Level of anonymization of data depends on each user cases. Data for aps sentinels or personal data, demographic data, tracking of activity, tracking of geolocation and groups activity.

8. Trading A.I. AVATARs

If you trained your AI avatar then he can do something  you can backup your assistant at every stage. You might also buy personal assistants from professional trainers, it is something more than DVD or handbook how to do stuff it is artificially recreated partial but real personality to assist you in some tasks or goal or train programs. Assistant will evolve from some backup point, to which you can always come back. You might want have few assistants and use team separately or in team. Trading place for trained AI assistants AVATARs to include in your Assistants team.

9. Additional p2p systems and blockchains

Honestis.Network need to use many p2p and blockchain to be effective, even if Ethereum main chain is most stable transactions are not cheap, so using Ethereum Classic is more logical, and new blockchain adaptation to store data easier if they fit frameworks and p2p technologies which are in development phase right now like LISK or in other approach of using them like byteball or IPFS.

10.ICO structure

100% basic tokens goes to contributors of project

PAGE 11 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK



About 14% additional tokens goes to community and devs where 3.2% goes to bounty hunters and early adopters

11.Ads system

Ads system will have geolocation triggered by user or chosen by user from map of ads. Viewing ads might be also rewarding. All token holders will benefit from ad system inside honestis.network

12.Honestis.Network control and development

Honestis.Network regulations will be controlled by holders of honestis dao tokens -> generated during crowdfunding , and minted randomly during making connections or other activity on Honestis.Network.

Honestis.Network HUB will contain 10-20% of resources gathered during ICO. Those resources will be dedicated to develop some extra features proposed and voted by users.

Economy of token will be develop with community during about 2 years run. At start we will give: Premine in new blockchain 1st wire + add system tokens every month proportional to tokens holded PoS + discounts using wallets, trading platforms and other software.

13.Honestis.Network Token changes of value in scenarios.



Value of Token 1k Optimistic

Realistic



2017



2018



1012 USD 1012 USD



102 066 USD 32 076 USD



2019

502 000 USD 68 000 USD



User



0,3 %



2%



6%



database



Growth 



market



penetration



14.Marketing strategy

Negative aspects of actual solutions. Easy migration to our best secured and under citizens control solution for social media and internet interactions between users. Rest is classified.

15.Tokens Economy:

Token would be used for: Stocking and making bust to your credibility as company and your services, more exposure, ads are paid by Tokens, also ratings can cripple or bust your tokens stockpile.  Bust credibility  Buy ads

PAGE 12 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK

 Payment in p2p transactions  Need to create credibility account at least 1 HNT is needed to generate initial TRUST  Price of service is also limited to the stocked HN Tokens which you got  Little fees 0,5% on some transactions to gather constant funds for updates and bounty bug

hunt fund  Little funds 2% gathered on transactions with end user pints of network like shops  Blocking some freshman users or group of users from participating in your public offer  If AI and DS frameworks created you get access to them if proper PoS is gathered like eq of

300 ETH o That will limit companies within H.N network which will be creators of APS based on SaaS manager blocks and easy to use content.

 Easy data trading, and setting up data listeners for every corner of your device  Selling your products with certificates of yours design, licenses of any kind and deals would

be never so easy and secured  Blockchain gives you almost instant international transfers at yours reach

16.Honestis.Network features for user layer:

 Keep your current friends from facebook, Google + linkedIN and more to come  Keep your data for yourself you automated encryption do not sell for free your data to

companies, keep them safe and secured and at the same time easy accessible to your friends  P2p instant traiding available with local ads and polls to Know Your Customer approach be

easy accessible even in decentralized word.  Filetrs and ratings protect you form vilians and, thefts  Filter out fake news blogers to safe time  All your likes and TRUST gathered are yours no third party or company can shut down your

profile in decentralized world o Unstoppable Profiles and FANpages, your connections' are yours

 SOCIAL MEDIA and PROFESSIONAL NETWORK now easy to manage all contacts from FB, LIN, G+ in one app, sort information about yourself, revive your whole timeline on FB, create new responsible and well targeted to audience and at the same protecting privacy profile. o Use your facebook like usual in more tech savvy and more easy way.

 no bots allowed, not only fake news but filetrs to detect usual behavior  use your own chain of trust to classify fake or not fake news, or rating of product

 LIST of top rated products and service providers depend of technology branch and tags  LIST of top rated news  CERTIFICATION of everything

o News o Videos o Blog entries o Photos o Employees o Services  Social media profiles  Professional profiles  Products in online shops if they are from company  Websites

PAGE 13 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



HONESTIS.NETWORK  Messages in chats and emails

17. Technology in use:

Ethereum Ethereum classic Storage related tokens and technology Facebook, LinkedIN, google drive and other free storage providers Many decentralized aps and tokens available on market -> interfaces to use them and store information how you did used it Table of your data encrypted and in strict connection to Keybase OpenBazzar technologies and other p2p trading concepts, With escrows and without. Honestis.Network blockchain based on Ethereum Honestis.Network create your own professional and social profile, keep your digital identity

well managed and benefit from infinite growth of trust of unstoppable profiles within decentralized world of new wave of technology.

PAGE 14 of 14 visit : https:// ico.honest is.network

Copyrights by Honestis.Network



