HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

Knowledge as inspiration to be yourself

HumanDiscoveryPlatform, 2017



Content:

1. Project Summary...................................................................................................................3 2. Market Overview....................................................................................................................5 3. Current Challenges and Solutions........................................................................................9 4. Platform Description............................................................................................................11 5. Project Team History and Experience.................................................................................15 6. Proof of concept product - HD.dating.................................................................................25 7. Additional Variants of the Platform Development..............................................................26 8.Economic Model....................................................................................................................27 9. Terms for Token Sale...........................................................................................................28 10. Project Team......................................................................................................................29 11. Roadmap............. ..............................................................................................................35

2



1. Project Summary

The world has accumulated a large number of methods that help to understand the way a human thinks and perceives information, makes decisions, and communicates with the world around him/her. Existing methods are able to assess a human's potential, typologize his/her psychological profile, point to his/her strengths and weaknesses.

Knowledge of such specific predispositions and recommendations can help individuals to improve various aspects of their lives: from a professional career and how to build effective relationships, to recommendations on diet and improving quality of life.

However, methods that have proven their effectiveness can be extremely expensive and require the involvement of a professional expert, which complicates access to them. And those methods that don't have an adequate marketing budget can't find their own mass-market consumer.

Our mission is to make human personality analysis methods more accessible, better justified and qualitative, as well as applicable in various spheres of life.

3



HD platform -is the environment to create, test, and commercialize various methods and tools designed to improve the quality of a human life through defining his/her personal characteristics and providing recommendations for positive results.

HD ecosystem takes into account all of its participants' interests

- Users get access to a set of high-quality methods and a reward for providing their information - Authors of methods receive a convenient environment for implementation of their ideas without the need to dig into the programming and commercialization of products for end users - Entrepreneurs receive a marketplace of various methods ready for commercial use and a potential consumer audience

We estimate the volume of this market to be at least USD 40 Billion per year

There are a lot of examples of times when analysis of large amounts of data has allowed users to make a qualitative leap in the development of a specific company or entire industry, contributing to breakthroughs in social and scientific studies. As a result of the development of the HD Platform, for the first time in the history of mankind, we'll have a sufficient scope of data for application of such effective tools as machine learning, clusterization, collaborative filtering, and many other data related to psychological behavior and the inner world of people. ANALYSIS OF THESE DATA POINTS WILL ALLOW FOR NEW FINDINGS AND HELP PEOPLE TO DEVELOP MORE HARMONIOUS RELATIONSHIPS WITH THEMSELVES, WITH PEOPLE AROUND THEM, AND WITH THE ENTIRE WORLD.

4



2.Market overview

2.1. Scientific prerequisites

Zodiac Signs and corresponding descriptions of people born on certain dates can be considered the most common example of such approach. Typology proposed by Hippocrates as far back as 400 years BC that has successfully survived up to the present day is one of the most ancient examples. He divided people into cholerics, phlegmatics, sanguine persons and melancholic persons, having described for each temperament both positive and negative qualities.

Among contemporary scientific works, one can distinguish "Psychological Types" of Carl Gustav Jung, in which he introduced such concepts as extrovert and introvert, which are widely used today even in ordinary everyday conversations.

Such scientists as Hans Eysenck, creator of the IQ test, William Marston, inventor of the lie detector (polygraph), and many others, all contributed to human behavior classification.

It's also worth noting the existence of an extensive methodological framework and practice of application of psychological profiling in such sphere as criminalistics. Methods used by various special services throughout the world help in the compilation of a searchable psychological portrait of a wanted criminal. And in Israel "profiling" methods have proven their effectiveness by ensuring safety in air transportation.

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

5



Currently, practical application of personality typology methods includes, but is not limited to, the following spheres:

-- self-understanding and personal development; -- vocational guidance and career growth; --      -- family relations and conflicts mediation; -- education and skills development; -- motivation and productivity improvement; -- analysis of employees and business partners, building effective teams; -- interpersonal relations, creating comfortable environments.

2.2. Corporative market

Here are a few examples of such methods that became a kind of standard in their industry.

Myers-Briggs typology (Myers-Briggs Type Indicator  MBTI )

Myers-Briggs Type Indicator, which defines an identity of a person to one of 16 types, is widely used in educational institutions, corporations, and government agencies in Europe and USA.

Up to 70% of US high school graduates undergo a personality type determination with the help of MBTI with the purpose of choosing a future profession. More than 88% companies on the Fortune 500 list use this method in their internal business processes.

Annually about 2MM people complete MBTI questionnaires. Since the introduction of this test in 1962, more than 50MM people have completed a personal test according to this method.

The company that owns the rights to this method has created about 800 different products based on its framework and translated materials into more than 29 languages of the world, allowing it to reach the revenue level of about $20MM annually. The cost of online testing for individuals is $49.95+taxes

6



DiSC

The DiSC assessment model is based on the main behavior traits of a personality that are classified as follows:

-- Dominance (D) -- Influence (I) -- Steadiness (S) -- Compliance (C) Annually about 1MM people complete DiSC profiling. Since the introduction of this test in 1972, more than 50MM people have taken a personality test using this method. The cost of online testing for individuals is $59.25 In February 2012, the company that enjoys the rights to this method was acquired for $85MM.

The volume of B2B corporate training market is assessed at $50b annually.

7



2.3 Consumer market

The market for consumption of such services by individuals is extremely fragmented. When trying to pinpoint who exactly they are, people often turn to personality tests and related services for answers. This includes personal growth trainings, psychoanalysts' services, astrology forecasts and much more.

The largest US astrology website www.astrology.com is visited by approximately 10MM unique visitors per day.

The largest market for astrological services with an estimate of $10B is India. At this rate, the segment of online astrological services doubles every year and by 2020 will reach $3B.

The number of practicing personal coaches in the world exceeds 53k people, their total annual revenue is worth $2.4B. The volume of books sold in the USA on the subject of self-improvement is about $1B. When you include audiobooks and other information products covering the same issues, the number skyrockets up to $1.3B per year.

8



3.Current challenges and solutions

The scarcest knowledge is the self-knowledge.

There are institutes that teach humanities or STEM disciplines, but there are no higher educational institutions that teach people how to understand themselves. Mankind is not bad at understanding the structure of Universe, but somehow understanding their inner world is much more difficult. Such "simple" questions as "How to be happy?" "How to enjoy life?" or "How to remain yourself?" remain without answers. Consequently  frustration, diseases, "mid-life crisis."

Seeking for answers generates a high demand for motivational programs, personal growth trainings, various kinds of gurus, and an aspiration to achieve a high financial position  the idea of happiness imposed on us by society.

We want every person to have an opportunity to get to know himself/herself better and use this knowledge for his/her harmonious development.

Currently, the following problems are an obstacle:

1. Low availability of various methods for an end user due to the fact they are unknown, high cost, lack of language localizations, the need for costly interpretation with an expert involvement. 2. Lack of programming skills and high-cost attraction of external resources does not allow authors of methods to create scalable products. 3. Developers of methods lack the entrepreneurial skills necessary to bring their promising developments to the broader market 4. Authors of methods cannot protect their own economic interests and goals 5. Inability to create more effective products based on combination of different methods due to competition and/or incompatibility with each other

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

9



Human Discovery Platform can be a solution for the problems mentioned above by:

1. Increasing accessibility of various methods for end users. 2. Allowing access to all human resources based on principles of sharing economics: frontend and backend developers, designers, copywriters, copywriters, interpreters, call center, traffic managers. 3. Creating a single legal, economic, and technological basis for developers of methods and entrepreneurs ready to commercialize them. 4. Synchronizing the economic interests of all Platform users, by providing them transparent rules of payments. 5. Ensuring an open environment that allows users to analyze and objectively evaluate the effectiveness of a method, get access to statistical information to improve and create new methods and products.

As a result of the HD Platform implementation, it will be possible to:

-- Reduce the risk of addressing charlatans by creating a professional community of authors of methods and their verification. -- To give an opportunity for any person to assess themselves according to the 360-degree system using the variety of methods presented on the Platform. -- Create a civilized market of human discovery tools that are affordable foreverybody. -- Consolidate the extremely fragmented and non-transparent market of human development services out there on the market. -- To make a quantum leap in human discovery through the accumulation of big data and application of modern analysis tools towards this goal.

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

10



4.Platform description

4.1 The Platform envisages the following roles:

Consumer

End user. Fills in required fields, provides necessary data, answers questions and so on in online mode. After that, the user receives an interpretation of the received data using one of the available online methods and corresponding recommendations.

Author of Method

An author or a group of authors that created a method for interpreting information received from a Consumer and that developed recommendations relevant to it.

Entrepreneur

A person that creates a Product for Consumers based on a method or several methods.

Backer

A person who is ready to provide an author or a group of authors with economic assistance for the development of a certain method, in exchange for a certain percentage of its future sales.

Executor

A person that performs certain types of work, e.g., translation of a method into other languages, finalization of technical functionality, and who receives remuneration for this in HD tokens.

Owner of a node

A person who provides his/her technological resources for deploying a node, thereby ensuring distribution and stability of the system, and who receives compensation for this in HD tokens. EACH ROLE CONTRIBUTES AUTHOR METHODS TO FIND RELEVANT USERS AND WILL BE AVAILABLE ON-DEMAND.

11



The Platform's open and decentralized architecture will allow for the creation of: 1. products based on only one method; 2. several different products based on one method; 3. products based on two or even more methods.



HR Service



IQ Test



Autho 2



Service raing prospects of students



Author 1

CCoommpplliiaanncceewwiitthh hhuummaannpprrooffeessssiioonn



Author 3

Myers-Briggs Type Indicator



Business training managment



Backer 2



Backer 1 Author 4



Introversion and extraversion test



Author 7

Test translation in Spanish



Family psychologist



Author 5

Compatibility of people by Human Design



Dating site in Spanish



Author 6

Human Design

Backer 3



Horoscopes application



12



4.2 Examples of Possible Role Interaction in the Platform Ecosystem

The Authors have developed a methodology of human psychological compatibility.

For the method implementation on Human Discovery Platform, The Authors have enlisted the support of several Backers and have received the required amount of HD Tokens.

Using resources and tools provided by Human Discovery Platform, The Authors have automated their methods and prepared them for launch.

Entrepreneur 1 has launched a dating service based on this specific method. Entrepreneur 2 has launched a consultancy service for top management capability on the basis of the same me thod. All financial interaction between Authors, Backers, and Entrepreneurs will be regulated and fixed in smart contracts. On the basis of the above-mentioned conditions and number of method request, smart contracts will provide for the distribution of the HD Tokens, earned by the specific method being used.

13



4.3 As a result of interaction on the Platform, all of its participants will benefit.

There will be six types of users according to the needs of this economy:

-- Author of methods will get HD tokens every time blocks with their methods execute a request for data analysis, as well as the Owner of the node, which runs the code for this analysis.

-- Owner of the node will be a person providing their technological resources for deploying the node, thereby ensuring the distribution and stability of the system and receiving compensation for this in HD tokens.

-- Entrepreneur will be the one who will decide to create a product based on the methods app, social ne twork, etc. platform will provide them with ready-to-use API of methods, making it easier to launch a product based on it. Every time they request help with analysis of the input data from its users, they will spend HD tokens, which will be distributed between the authors of the blocks used and the nodes on which the analysis code was executed.

-- Backers . A person who is willing to sponsor the development of a methodology of the certain Author with the purposes of future mutual benefits.

-- Executors. People who will serve needs of other participants in translation, IT-development, etc., and who will receive HD tokens for that.

-- The consumer will be an ordinary user, who will receive a specific number of tokens when registering in Human Discovery and will use them to purchase the platform's services. By providing users with free tokens, we will stimulate traffic to the platform

14



5. Economic and technical models of a Platform

5.1 Status of Token and its role in the system

A token of a Platform (HD Token) is not an equity and does not grant any rights to dividends or other Platform revenues.

The HD Tokens are software with cryptographic elements that are sold out as a utility appliance for the Platform. The HD Tokens are based on the Ethereum protocol. The HD Tokens have their functional utility only within the Platform andtheir creation is conditioned by the need to develop an internal economy in theHuman Discovery ecosystem that will establish transparent and fair relationships among the community within this ecosystem.

The HD Tokens are intended to be used by their holders only for their designated purposes. The number of such purposes may be increased over time, including, but not limited to, by means of adding new services and features available in exchange for the HD Tokens.

The HD Tokens are intended for experts in dealing with cryptographic tokens and blockchain-based software systems.

The HD Tokens are not securities in any jurisdiction. This White Paper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort, is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment, does not pertain in any way to an initial public offering or a share/equity offering, and does not pertain in any way to an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. The HD Tokens are not intended to be marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, or traded in any jurisdiction where they are prohibited by applicable laws or require further registration with any applicable governmental authorities.

The HD Tokens do not represent a loan. The HD Tokens are neither debt instrument or bonds of any kind nor any other form of loan advanced. Acquisition of he HD Tokens, whether through the Token Sale or otherwise, does not grant to

15



token holders any right of claim on financial or any other assets. The HD Tokens are non-refundable. We are not obliged to provide token holders with

a refund related to the HD Tokens for any reason, and token holders will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of the refund. No promises of future performance or value are or will be made in respect to the HD Tokens, including no promise of inherent value, no promise of continuing payments, and no guarantee that the HD Tokens will hold any particular value.

Nevertheless, with development of the Platform and involvement of an increasing number of participants, the market demand for HD Tokens may grow due to the following reasons:

1. Issue of HD Tokens is made one time and its size is limited; 2. All payments within the Platform are performed using HD Tokens; 3. Authors and Entrepreneurs will acquire HD Tokens to launch methods and Products on the Platform; 4. End users will acquire HD Tokens to pay for the value of Products and for discounts.

16



5.2. Use of HD Tokens

Registered Platform Users receive remuneration in the form of HD Tokens for providing theirsocial demographics and other data. This will ensure the inflow of Consumers to the Platform that will create the basis for approbation of methods for Developers and will form the market of potential consumers for Entrepreneurs.

In his/her turn, a Consumer will be able to either use them to pay for use of the Platform Products or dispose of received HD Tokens on the market. In fact, he will be able (for HD Tokens he received in exchange for information) to try the paid products created on the Platform free-of-charge.

We will create economic incentives for Consumers to spend their HD Tokens to pay for Platform Products, rather than dispose of them on the market. So, we will provide Developers and Entrepreneurs with a client base.

To prevent abuse with the amount of information provided by the Consumer and manipulations with remuneration for this, dynamic pricing will be introduced, considering such parameters as: a) a need for this particular information on the part of Developers of methods; b) volume already transferred by a Consumer; c) compensation received by him/her for that, etc.

For faster expansion of Products in the market, we assume that its end users will be able to pay for them not only in the HD Tokens (otherwise we will restrict the circle of consumers only to the members of the crypto-community), but also in their usual monetary units, including in fiat currency. At the same time, we will create such economic conditions that will stimulate to pay for Products with the HD Tokens, but not with other resources. For example, when paying for Product with the HD Tokens, there will be envisaged a significant discount compared to the regular price.

Basic level of the Platform will always remain free. To gain access to Service level of the Platform and start creating the method, a Developer of Method must identify himself and deposit a certain number of HD Tokens in the system. This deposit serves as an indicator of seriousness of a Developer's intentions and payments will be charged out of it in favor of the Platform depending on resources con-

17



sumed by a Developer of Method at Service level. Project Team plans to create a special fund out of which development of the most

interesting methods for the Platform will be financed. Voting for this or that project will be held among the HD Token holders.

Entrepreneur launches the Product on its own account and independently pays for the Platform services for providing him/her with appropriate tools at the Product Level. Entrepreneur independently determines consumer characteristics of the Product and is responsible for its marketing and sales.

Entrepreneur designates certain proportion of its earnings to Developer of the Method used in the Product and the Platform.

Thus, the authors of methods receive fair economic compensation for their work, and Entrepreneurs receive entrepreneurial opportunities.

The Platform ensures functioning of all its elements, monitors the correctness of mutual settlements, provides necessary tools for development, testing, and commercialization of various methods and products.

Thus, Authors Of Methods, Node Owners and Executors are receiving fair economic rewards for their work, and Entrepreneurs are compensated for their entrepreneurial risk.

The presence of a smart contract also solves the problem of trust between the participants of the platform, providing transparent conditions for the distribution of the financial result obtained.

We expect that with the development of the platform and the use in it of an increasing number of participants, the market value of the token will grow, for the following reasons: Issue of tokens fulfills once and its size is limited.

All payments within the platform are made using tokens Authors and Entrepreneurs will purchase tokens to run techniques and products on the platform. Backers will purchase tokens for financial participation in the development of the methodology. End users will purchase tokens to pay for the value of the Products and to receive discounts.

18



5.3 Technical model of Token Usage

The platform will provide its users with three levels: 3 level Platform structure

1. Basic level The basic level is responsible for storing the data and calling the code of the techniques and fork tokens to each of the participants in the call chain. 2. Service level A set of tools for creating a data interpretation service based on a specific methodology. Mathematical apparatus, including machine learning algorithms, neural networks, etc. Formation of templates, questionnaires, and visualization of results. Creation of an API for a technique. 3. Product Level A service that simplifies the creation and launch of various applications for end users. In fact, this is a set of development and marketing tools for the Entrepreneur launching their product on the platform.

19



5.3. Smart Contracts

The system will implement 2 fixed types of smart contracts: the block method and the sponsor's contract.

The block method- is a unit that performs calculations and guarantees the author a reward in case of successful computation. Tokens for the remuneration of the author who is executing the smart contract are written off from the account of the person who calls the method-block. A sponsor's contract  an author or an entrepreneur publishes a contract to attract tokens to develop his methodology or product, which indicates the required number of tokens and the terms of return for investment (interest, minimum and maximum number of tokens from one sponsor, terms of accruals, etc.). After that, all the rewards accrued for the implementation of the method-blocks of this author are divided between them and their sponsors in accordance with the specified conditions.

20



-             



5.3.2. Pre-blockchain and blockchain version

Work on the basic level, as shown in the roadmap, will be divided into 2 stages:

1. Pre-Blockchain  centralized version of the basic level for development of techniques 2. Blockchain  decentralized version of the basic level

Due to the fact that the authors and entrepreneurs will work with the service level, the replacement of the basic level with the blockchain version should occur transparently for them. At the moment of transition between the stages will be: The code of the executing nodes is published and everyone can raise their own node will open its own blockchain network.

Distribution by levels



Product level Instruments for development off apps and widgets

Billing



Service level

Instruments for development of method blocks on the basic level

API for method-blocks request



When we update the platform to blockchain version only basic level will change.



Instruments for block`s development will not change. Only endpoints of API request will change (from central domain to the node)



Basic level --Pre-blockchain Storage and starting of method-blocks. Tokens turnover.

server server server

Basic level --Pre-blockchain

node node node node node node node node



21



Pre-blockchain

The first stage has already begun, it is the development of a centralized service in which any author can create methods and entrepreneurs can create products. At this stage, the language of interaction of methods and products will be developed and the tools for creating them for authors.

The method blocks will be described in a non-Turing-complete meta-language that combines the Finite State Machine analog and the interaction formulas with data similar to Excel. For authors, visual tools for designing techniques in this language will be created.

Also at this stage, the API for the service will be opened. Trial methods and final products on them will be launched, which we will develop ourselves in partnership with selected authors to verify the operation of the system and begin to offset the conditional tokens in the system. Also, the introduction into some external large services, horoscope sites, dating services, and HR-services will begin. Mutual calculations between authors and teachers will be carried out with the help of

5.3.2.1 Blockchain

At the second stage  the basic level of the system will be transferred to the blockchain-network. For the stable operation of the network, there is no need for a large number under the network, the protection algorithm chosen is the Proof-of-Stake method.

After that, any person can raise the node in their own place to execute the code and get tokens for its execution.

5.3.2.2 Method-block

The code of the block method contains an indication of the input and output data, the distribution of tokens in the execution of the block and references to other blocks is initially stored as JSON, in blockchain it is stored in an obfuscated form, suitable for execution by a virtual machine, but not suitable for complex editing.

Each call inside the method-block has its own cost in tokens, similar to the gas in smart contracts to the Ethereum virtual machine. This cost is paid by the author who wrote the block (for execution of the block he receives his commission minus the fact that he will take the executed node).

22



Because the method-blocks are usually not very large executable code, but often large amounts of data  do save them, you will need a special version of the block system (for example, the Ethereum virtual machine for these specific tasks is too expensive to use).

The following properties are characteristic for work and storage of techniques in the blockade:

-- The method blocks do not contain much code, but many text and numeric data: textual interpretations, ephemeris tables, questions and answers of texts -- The block method is not updated frequently, and not completely, for example, only part of the text is edited or translation is added. -- Even the technique of one author is often more correct to divide blocks into separate methods, which are updated and called separately.

From t hese points, the storage structure in the block to reduce the overall size when updating the methods should be similar to the git structure, where large arrays of static information or unchanged code blocks are stored as a BLOB on the hash of the method index file.

When the method-block is loaded, the author pays tokens for using space on the nodes. This payment is fixed as its deposit, and in the future it will be used to execute the code and payments to the nodes. This is necessary to prevent clogging blockage non-working techniques and other debris.

Thus, Authors of Methodics, Node Owners and Executors receive fair economic rewards for their work, and Entrepreneurs are compensated for their entrepreneurial risk.

The presence of a smart contract also solves the problem of trust between the participants of the platform, providing tran parent conditions for the distribution of the financial result obtained.

23



We expect that with the development of the platform and the involvement of an increasing number of participants, the market value of the token will grow, for the following reasons:

Issue of tokens is made once and its size is limited All payments within the platform are made using tokens Authors and Entrepreneurs will purchase tokens to launch techniques and Products on the platform Becakers will purchase tokens for financial participation in the development of the methodology End users will purchase tokens to pay for the value of the Products and to receive discounts

24



6.Project Team history and experience

The Project Team of Human Discovery Platform works successfully together since 2013 when development of the service https://getcourse.ru began. -- GetCourse allows independent teachers to organize training sessions and to carry out marketing activities in full: to create a website, manage a student database, segment users, mailout, set up tasks for the staff, arrange technical support, align business processes, etc.

Currently, the GetCourse team consists of 40 people, 9 million people are registered on the Platform, 1000 teachers carry out training, and for the last month 203k students participated in training sessions.

GetCourse is an effective and economically profitable business that requires no investments. The Company revenue for 2014-2017 grows with compound annual growth rate (CAGR) = 193%.

When working with Human Discovery Platform all management and technological experience obtained by GetCourse team will be applied.

From the technical point of view many solutions applied at GetCourse will be adapted for implementation of the third level, the Product level, of the Human Discovery Platform.

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

25



7. Proof of concept product - HD.dating

To provide evidence of the technical and economic model of Human Discovery Platform in practice, Project Team has developed and launched HD.dating service  https://hd.dating/ .

For the first month of HD.dating, the service had an audience of more than 15k registered users, 5k of which were active users (visit at least once per week).

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

26



8. Additional variants of the Platform development

In addition to launching Products based on methods for compilation of psychological and behavioral profile of an individual, the Platform sees opportunities for its development in the following spheres:

IQ, EQ, and other tests

Assessment of intellectual abilities, level of emotional intelligence, and other tests.

Health

A huge amount of data is generated today by portable gadgets. This information, as well as any other data filled in manually by users, can be analyzed and various recommendations based on this analysis can be developed.

The number of steps made and other physical exertion, body weight, number of calories consumed, plus dynamics of these indicators  all this can be the framework for application of methods in the sphere of sports, health, and healthy diet.

Study panels

The Platform users may give their consent for participation in online panels, providing various social demographic and consumer data about themselves. For participation in such panel studies a user receives material compensation in the form of the Platform tokens. The results of the studies are stored in a blockchain, thus ensuring the transparency and objectivity of data.

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

27



9. Terms for Token Sale

Start HD Token Sale 22 November 2017. Finish  7 December 2017.

Distribution of HD Tokens:



Token buyers - 80% Project Team - 10% Advisers - 4% Bounty - 3% Marketing - 3%



We target to raise $30 mln through crowdsale. Minimum cap is $500,000. 100,000,000 tokens will be issued, 80 000 000 of which will be distributed among participants through Toke Sale. Preliminary price of each HD token is $0,375. Upon ICO completion the $ equivalent of each token will be finalized by way of division of $ equivalent of funds raised to 80 000 000.



Goals: Maximum  $30 million.



Minimum  $500 thousand.



Those who took part in HD Token Sale during first 24 hours of launch will be awarded with bonus in the amount of 25% of purchased HD Tokens. Purchase orders from pre-order will be satisfied in the first place. Within 48 hours of the start, the bonus will be 20%. The next week  10% bonus. No further bonuses are planned.

Value protection. A reserve of 5% of all raised funds will be made to support the value level after Token Sale completion. The reserve is valid for 24 months as of the moment tokens are distributed.



28



10. project team

Timur Karimbaev CEO Cofounder of GetCourse. IT-expert with 15 years of experience in complexsystems development. Deals with the Platform architecture and manages program mers. For the last 4 years, he has been responsible for GetCourse's system development. He developed and implemented a complex system of courses and training session promotions that allow trainers to manage training process and sales via their personal account on the platform. They manage the database of users,

29



Marat Nigametzianov Business Development Director

Marat graduated from the Institute of Computational Mathematics and Information Technologies of Kazan State University. From 2005  2006, he worked as a Designer at Art Lebedev Studio (this studio created the visual design for Yandex.ru), and then as a Designer at Megaplan, a CRM-company in Russia. Since 2014, he has been developing GetCourse ( Forbes Russia wrote a story about the company), the online service provides courses for sale and purchase, as a cofounder. Nowadays, more than 200,000 users and 800 trainers use GetCourse. For the last 5 years, Marat has worked as a methodologist of educational online programs. He brings years of experience and expertise in complex IT-services and entrepreneurship to Human Discovery

30



Sergey Mikhailov COO

annual revenue of $3M. He has 5 yeaSresrogfeyexhpaesrioevnecre1i0n yITe-aprrsoodfuecxtspeprioemncoetiionnITa-nsdystaelmess and has been Operations Director (Mdaenvealgoipnmg ePnatr.tnIner2)0a0t7G, heteCcooufrosuensdiendceM2e0g1a5p.lSaner, gtheey has a PhD in Physical and MathemaRtiucsasl iSacnieCnRcMes-.sAysttHeummsasnupDpisliceorvwehryicPhlahtafsoramc,uhrereisnt responsible for operations management and works with key clients/partners.

Sergey Gutnikov Programmer

Engineer-pharma technologist, psychologist in "Psychology of Health" sphere.Sergey is a certified alumni of the program for Holotropic Breathing (GroTranspe(Grsroonf aTl rTarnasinpienrgs)o. nYaolgaTrtaeiancinhge)r,.  

31



Anna Sergeeva Product Manager

In 2009 Anna graduated from Moscow Institute of Electronics and Mathematics (MIEM). Anna has over 6 years of experience in successful sales in e-com merce. She is responsible for strategic development: market research, user experienc journey, and annual budget planning

Anastasia Lunina Head of HelpDesk

Anastasia managed the billing sub-system for over 3 years at MegaFon, the largest Russian telecom-operator. She has broad experience in management of helpdesk for internal clients in the IT-industry. Anastasia manages partnerships with key clients on the GetCourse Platform.

32



Egor Savin Project Manager

Egor has extensive experience in team management and corporate training in IT. As the Head of the Quality Department at CIAN.RU  the largest Russian online-service on real estate search and selection  he has built a team of 40 Managers from zero. First, he gathered together a team of Managers, developed and introduced business-processes in the Department of more than 40 people. Together with the team of data-science analysts, he developed self-learning software for analyzing millions of online-ads on real estate and identification of invalid data. Egor is responsible for internal business-processes and tool design, arrangement of development process, and training.

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

33



Yulia Kolomiets onsultant

Yulia was born in Moscow. She started her career as a journalist after graduating from Lomonosov Moscow State University. After that she moved to big business and found herself as a person dealing with ERP-systems, sales, and logistics all-in-one. She worked for multinational companies such as Levi Strauss & Co (Levi's), Thermo Fisher, 1C, etc. Since 2015, she has been a member of the GetCourse team. She is dealing with sales, clients projects' launches, and users' development. She combines her job with private consulting in methods of human discovery, like astrology, human design, tarot, and socionics (or Myers-Briggs typology). She has been learning about these different systems for the last 5 years. At the Human Discovery Project, Yulia will be responsible for online consultations and answering questions about new service.

HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

34



11. Product Road Map and Key Milestones



The idea developed of a platform for coaches and teachers Sale and carrying out online training start of work over GetCourse.ru; Start selling our courses on manicures at GetCourse.

December 2013



GetCourse.ru launch Generally accessible GetCourse launch, only carrying out of training sessions is accessible. First teachers start registering on the Platform.



May 2014



Issue of own mailout system CRM for teachers Work over own schools. Break-even point is reached

January 2015



Merge with Veronika Kalacheva painting school urrently the largest online painting school in Russia



June 2015



35



January 2016



The Platform active promotion start. Issue of automation processes and Landing Page management Opening of partner projects: SilaVoli (Will Power) (Pavel Volya + Lyaisan Utyasheva), Usmanovateam.ru



Development of the service and own schools Issue of own traffic analytics system and conversions

January 2017



May 2017



Start working on HD.dating -- dating service based on Human Design The idea of development of Russian-language dating site based on Human Design method, testing the idea on Russian market; ICO preparation start



Launch of HD.Dating Within the first 4 weeks of launch, 15k users registered on the network

August 2017



36



January 2016



The Platform active promotion start. Issue of automation processes and Landing Page management Opening of partner projects: SilaVoli (Will Power) (Pavel Volya + Lyaisan Utyasheva), Usmanovateam.ru



Development of the service and own schools Issue of own traffic analytics system and conversions

January 2017



May 2017



Start working on HD.dating -- dating service based on Human Design The idea of development of Russian-language dating site based on Human Design method, testing the idea on Russian market; ICO preparation start



Launch of HD.Dating Within the first 4 weeks of launch, 15k users registered on the network

August 2017



37



WE ARE HERE NOW

Token Sale

November 2017



June 2018 $500 000



HDPlatform MVP-level  HDBlock - the mechanism for describing the requested blocks and the authors' payment model. Blocks are described only visually, at the level of block diagrams and formulas for working with data tables similar to Excel  Method-blocks and their data are loaded into centralized storage through open interfaces  HDAuthorTools - OpenSource visual tools for creating blocks by authors  API for requested blocks



HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

38



Oct 2018 $1 500 000



MVP Embed -- Launch and embedding end-point applications for external services At this stage, we need as many real implementations as possible, so that there is an external demand for tokens -- HDplatform.io - a platform for rapid visual creation of their methods by authors without raising their own servers - attracting large authors with the introduction of their "turnkey" techniques on partner terms -- HDBusiness SDK - Billing service with the account of the businessman, allowing quickly to embed use of a methodics to itself on the site accepting fiat and allowing to spend HD-tokens -- Implementing the service in real businesses to monetize their traffic in order to trigger the growth mechanism of demand for HD-tokens



HDPlatform -- HDBlocks and mutual settlements are stored in the decentralized Proof of

Stake network -- The method-blocks are stored in a bytecode analog -- HDBlocks running core: HDBlockByteCode non-turing-complete language, based on the Finit State Machine and an analogue of excel-formulas for calculating the costs for executing the methodic and

receiving of payments -- When loading methods, authors spend HD-tokens for uploading their

blocks to the network in proportion to the volume occupied



Dec 2018 $5 000 000



39



Jun 2019 $10 000 000



HDCrowdFunding -- HDCrowdFunding - a platform for authors and entrepreneurs who can expose their idea for seeking sponsors and subsequent income distribution -- HDFundContract - a mechanism for creating simple contracts for the distribution of income between sponsors -- HDMobile API SDK for iOS & Android -- HDVisualize SDK - tools for entrepreneurs, allowing you to quickly create end products based on HDPlatform



HDStat -- HDStat Core - the author's ability to include saving the results of block requests to the blockchainnetwork to create statistically validated methods. -- HD-Stat Database - authors spend HD-tokens on space costs, occupied

by their results -- HDDataScience panels - authors, entrepreneurs and researchers can create research panels for providing data in which they can encourage users

tokens



Feb 2020 $15 000 000



Sep 2020 $30 000 000



HDPlatform BigData Analyze framework -- HDData SDK - drivers for Python to take data from HDStat blockchain database -- Predefined models to analyzed common-used data-science cases -- HDStatVisual - tools for visualize data and search from HDStat database, based jupiter notebooks



40



HUMAN DISCOVERY PLATFORM

Knowledge as inspiration to be yourself

          .   ir@hdplatform.io     .

HumanDiscoveryPlatform, 2017



