EMIRATECOIN WHITEPAPER

KEY POINTS:  What is Emiratecoin  Cryptocurrency Industry Overview  Who are the team behind the technology?  Crypto currency industry overview.  Our vision for Emiratecoin.  The Emiratecoin token sale.

WHAT IS EMIRATECOIN

INTRODUCING EMIRATECOIN:

Emiratecoin is a crypto currency built on the Ethereum blockchain. Emiratecoin is the first crypto currency that is designed with the transport systems in the mind, which has a potential market of over 3 billion people who transport from one place to the other by land, sea and air throughout the world.

The maximum coin volume of Emiratecoin will be 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) in which part of it will be sold during the ICO or crowd sale and the rest will be mined in the future.

We have developed and tested the full functionality of this crypto currency knowing full well the awareness, speculations and demand this coin will amount to by the end of the ICO which starts on 13th December, 2017. The blockchain will go live as soon as the ICO ends.



CRYPTOCURRENCY INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

A cryptocurrency is a medium of exchange like NORMAL currencies such as USD, but designed for the purpose of exchanging digital information through a process made possible by certain principles of cryptography. Cryptography is used to secure the transactions and to control the creation of new COINS. The first cryptocurrency to be created was Bitcoin back in 2009. Today there are hundreds of other cryptocurrencies, often referred to as Altcoins.

Unlike centralized banking, like the Federal Reserve System, where governments control the value of a currency like USD through the process of printing fiat money, government has no control over cryptocurrencies as they are fully decentralized.

Most cryptocurrencies are designed to gradually decrease production of currency, placing an ultimate cap on the total amount of currency that will ever be in circulation, mimicking precious metals. Compared with ordinary currencies held by financial institutions or kept as cash on hand, cryptocurrencies can be more difficult for seizure by law enforcement. This difficulty is derived from leveraging cryptographic technologies. A primary example of this new challenge for law enforcement comes from the Silk Road case, where Ulbricht's bitcoin stash "was held separately and ... encrypted." Cryptocurrencies such as bitcoin are pseudonymous, though additions such as Zerocoin have been suggested, which would allow for true anonymity

While hundreds of different cryptocurrency specifications exist, most are derived from one of two protocols; Proof-of-work or Proof-of-stake. All cryptocurrencies are maintained by a community of cryptocurrency miners who are members of the general public that have set up their computers or ASIC machines to participate in the validation and processing of transactions.



WE HAVE ALREADY DEVELOPED AND TESTED:

 The blockchain (powered by Ethereum)  App based wallets  Offline wallets  Mining pool software (open source)  Blockchain Explorer (open source)  Third party API (For transport companies and other third parties)

We are going to apply for these exchanges once our blockchain goes live: Bittrex, Bitfinex, Cryptopia, Kraken, Cex.io, Polonium, Bitstamp, Gemini, Changelly, Shapeshift, CoinExchange

We will be developing an independent, fully featured global taxi booking service like Uber powered purely by Emiratecoin.

WHO ARE THE TEAM BEHIND THIS TECHNOLOGY?

Emiratecoin are made up of a team of high profile professionals from the devs to the marketers and to the top government officials who are very dedicated and passionate in pushing this coin to great heights in the near future. We have decided to remain anonymous at this point for the interest of the coin.



EMIRATECOIN MARKET CONTEXT

Emiratecoin is developed to reach billions of travelers across the world. Millions of people travel everyday from intercontinental travels to short distances using taxis and our aim is to make Emiratecoin more important to the users by working hard to enable payment with Emiratecoin on as many transport service companies as possible throughout North America, South America, Europe, Asia and Africa.

OUR VISION OF EMIRATECOIN

It's of our interest to involve several transport companies to use Emiratecoin to process payments efficiently and more securely and that we will do. Also, in order to place a great value on our coin, we are going to develop a taxi booking system app that enables users to book and pay for their services with Emiratecoin and then franchise it in over 20 countries.

THE EMIRATECOIN TOKEN SALE We are launching a crowd sale for Emiratecoin tokens on 13th of November, 2017 and ends on 24th December, 2017. This will enable us to work on many areas of this crypto currency service, endorsement of global celebrities, and so on.

Part of the 1,000,000,000 (1 billion) coins will be sold at this stage presenting an opportunity for earlier adopters to acquire this coin before our blockchain goes live. Price per token is set at $0.01 and purchases can be made with Bitcoin or few other altcoins.



BONUS STRUCTURE



WEEKS

Week 1 Week 2 Week 3 Week 4 Week 5 Week 6



STARTING DATE ENDING DATE



BONUS RATE



13th November, 2017 19th November, 2017



50%



20th November, 2017 26th November, 2017



40%



27th November, 2017 3rd November, 2017



30%



4th December, 2017 10th December, 2017



20%



11th December, 2017 17th December, 2017



10%



18th December, 2017 24th December, 2017



0%



EMC PRICE

$0.01 $0.01 $0.01 $0.01 $0.01 $0.01



