Silkos (SLK) Technical White Paper



July 12, 2017

Abstract: The Silkos (SLK) software and network will facilitate a decentralized marketplace for trades or services of any form within local legislation.



The Silkos (SLK) trading structure will be designed and engineered to enable vertical and horizontal scaling of a decentralized, anonymous and safe trading application where 100% safety of trade can be guaranteed. The community, applications and SLK network will provide similar services as any online marketplace that we currently know off and use.



This will be supported by creating an operating system which upon applications can be build and expanded on. The software provides accounts, authentication, databases, a community, network and asynchronous communication. The resulting technology is a trading platform and architecture that can employ and serve the population worldwide with a direct payment interface due to the blockchain technology. This technology will be based on the Ethereum, Bitcoin and FIAT (USD/EUR) currencies and provides full anonymity and safety for the provider or buyer of offered goods or services.

Users of the Silkos (SLK) network can transact anonymous and safe in all cases. The user and provider interaction system will be based on: Windows, Macintosh and mobile applications for Android and Apple.



PLEASE NOTE: CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS REFERRED TO IN THIS WHITE PAPER REFER TO CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKENS ON A LAUNCHED BLOCKCHAIN THAT ADOPTS THE Silkos (SLK) SOFTWARE. THEY DO NOT REFER TO THE ERC-20 COMPATIBLE TOKENS BEING DISTRIBUTED ON THE ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN IN CONNECTION WITH THE Silkos (SLK) TOKEN DISTRIBUTION.



Copyright  2017 Silkos (SLK)

Without permission, anyone may use, reproduce or distribute any material in this white paper for non-commercial and educational use (i.e., other than for a fee or for commercial purposes) provided that the original source and the applicable copyright notice are cited.



DISCLAIMER: This Silkos (SLK) Technical White Paper is for informative purposes only. Silkos (SLK)does not guarantee the accuracy of or the conclusions reached in this white paper, and this white paper is provided "as is". Silkos (SLK) does not make and expressly disclaims all representations and warranties, express, implied, statutory or otherwise, whatsoever, including, but not limited to: (i) warranties of merchant ability, fitness for a particular purpose, suitability, usage, title or no infringement; (ii) that the contents of this white paper are free from error; and (iii) that such contents will not infringe third-party rights. Silkos (SLK) and its affiliates shall have no liability for damages of any kind arising out of the use, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event will Silkos (SLK) or its affiliates be liable to any person or entity for any damages, losses, liabilities, costs or expenses of any kind, whether direct or indirect, consequential, compensatory, incidental, actual, exemplary, punitive or special for the use of, reference to, or reliance on this white paper or any of the content contained herein, including, without limitation, any loss of business, revenues, profits, data, use, goodwill or other intangible losses.



1



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



Table of Contents

1. Background

1.1 Blockchain 1.2 Silkos (SLK) Tokens 1.3 Silkos (SLK) Vision

2. Silkos (SLK) List of demands and requirements

2.1 Support millions of users 2.2 Easy Upgrades and Bug Recovery 2.3 Safety First 2.4 Banishment of illegal, harmful or offensive content 2.5 Sequential Performance 2.6 Parallel Performance 2.7 Guaranteed anonymity and safety 2.8 Separating Transaction costs from Token Value 2.9 Community Benefit Applications 2.10 Web Assembly (WASM)

3. Conditions of payment

4. Long term business plan

4.1 Multiple forms of traveling 4.2 Set new standard 4.3 Make the earth a little bit more green and sustainable 4.4 Connect society and start networking 4.5 Reduce traffic jams 4.6 NFC payment system

5. Conclusion



2



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



1. Background

1.1 Blockchain Blockchain technology was introduced in 2008 with the launch of the bitcoin currency, and since then entrepreneurs and developers have been attempting to generalize the technology in order to support a wider range of applications on a single blockchain platform. Platforms differences from each other with the value they can add to the community or humanity. Silkos (SLK) is mainly focusing on a trading platform in which a 100% guarantee off safety an anonymity can be provided.

1.2 Silkos (SLK) Tokens and payment We are offering the opportunity to trade or buy around the globe with no limitations and a 100% guarantee of safe service and delivery. The service will be based on our Silkos (SLK) tokens and this will come with many advantages regarding to speed of transaction, safety and anonymity. Silkos (SLK) based transactions are only charged with the original ETC-20 mining charge.

Every transaction based on EUR, USD, Bitcoin or Ethereum will be accepted and shifted into Silkos (SLK) tokens by the Silkos (SLK) network. Here for a small amount off service rate will be charged to every transaction based on EUR/USD/BTC/ETH. The service costs are charged with 0,25% of the initial payment.

Payments of transactions in seller accounts will be received in SLK tokens. For the shifting of currencies a minimal amount (0,25% of the initial payment) of service costs will be charged. Payments received on a Silkos (SLK) account to an external account are facilitated in EUR/USD/BTC/ETH.

1.3 Silkos (SLK) Vision The Silkos (SLK) project was initially started by a group of young and dedicated developers who took the initiative to develop a decentralized trading platform with the dream to create a new standard for online trades for offers vs demands. Our goal is to create and fund a global platform that provides a safe and easy way of trading. A trading platform in which 100% safety of delivery will be guaranteed. Within ten next years we hope to create a well-known and mass adopted platform of trading that literary anyone with a smartphone or computer will be able to use.

The first derivable and objective of the Silkos (SLK) team is to provide society with a trading platform founded on a supply and demand Eco-system. A service and network that can either be deployed to earn money by offering or get possession of any form content or services.



3



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



2. Silkos (SLK) List of demands and requirements

2.1 Support millions of users Disrupting online businesses or trading platforms such as Ebay, Aliexpress or Amazon require blockchain technology capable to support the handling of simultaneously multiple millions of active users. Silkos (SLK) network will be based on similar technology with a different payment system for services and a goods. A completely new structural environment for comparable transactions supported with blockchain technology, databases and back-end development platform.

2.2 Easy Upgrades and Bug Recovery Businesses building blockchain based applications need the flexibility to enhance their applications with new features.

All non-trivial software is subject to bugs, even with the most rigorous of formal verification. The platform has to be developed with such a way of robustness fix or compensate bugs when they inevitably occur. As we strongly demand, receive and process feedback, we will be able to adjust on the upcoming technologies (e.g. splits in cryptocurrencies) and adjust our application on the demand of the users on both parties (drivers and costumers)

2.3 Safety First One main focus area of the project will definitely lay within guaranteed safety of transaction for our users, trades and services. First off all there will be a blacklist for malicious users of the Silkos (SLK) network. For every transaction the initial payment will be stored in a temporarily Silkos (SLK) transfer account. Only after conformation and acceptance of delivery of goods the initial payment will be transferred to the second party, in this case the seller. The system of transactions and payment will be explained in a more extended and explanatory way in chapter 3 of the whitepaper.

Due to the blockchain technology any form of malicious and unwanted behavior can be traced back to individual accounts involved. The Silkos (SLK) team will freeze the transfer wallet of this particular trade and keep it locked until further investigation to the matter is processed.

2.4 Banishment of illegal, harmful or offensive content Silkos (SLK) project has a major focus on a sustainable, environment and user friendly trading platform and eco system. Every single transaction offer will therefore be rated by the Silkos (SLK) team or moderated by fellow users due to a reward system for finding illegal content. Only trusted users of your community are able to make use of this system. Only after a random system check by locally and double approval off content the subject will be placed on the Silkos (SLK) network. Therefore any illegal, harmful or offensive content will be minimized and in theory hopefully never be facilitated on the Silkos (SLK) network. After double rejection of content users will be investigated and possibly permanently banned.



4



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



2.5 Sequential Performance There are some applications that just cannot be implemented with parallel algorithms due to sequentially dependent steps. Applications such as exchanges need enough sequential performance to handle high volumes and therefore a platform with fast sequential performance is required. So therefor we cannot promise anything with participation within other platforms, but we will try to provide everything on our own.

2.6 Parallel Performance Large scale applications need to divide the workload across multiple CPUs and computers. That's why we are building on the blockchain technology. Payment systems are quite complicated and therefore we will build a system to secure that all payments are fluently transferred.

2.7 Guaranteed anonymity and safety Silkos (SLK) will provide an extra encrypted layer added to maintain the security and anonymity of our user accounts and payment details. FIAT money (USD/EUR) will be transferred into Silkos (SLK) tokens. This requires an additional service which also will be charged with a minimal amount of service costs. After the transfer to Silkos (SLK) tokens the payment will be stored in the Silkos (SLK) transfer deposit until conformation of service.

2.8 Separating transaction costs from Token Value One of the major benefits of the Silkos (SLK) software is that the amount of fee available to an application is dependent of the token price. If an application owner holds a relevant number of tokens on a blockchain adopting Silkos (SLK) software, then the application can run indefinitely within a fixed state and bandwidth usage. In other words, a blockchain that adopts the Silkos (SLK) software enables block producers to naturally increase bandwidth, computation, and storage available per token.

2.9 Community benefits applications and services. Other applications/services can also benefit through our software. Young or innovative trading companies who are willing to participate or invest in this new form of trading.

Startups, freelancers, suppliers or buyers who want to trade their product without the service of retailers or other kinds of middle parties. This also applies to offers for services that include or oblige multiple deliverables on a longer or sequential or floating timeline. The total amount of funds will be stored in a unique transaction wallet and will be only released and transferred after confirmed delivery of work packages, goods, services or deliverables from all parties have been met.

In cases of any form of disagreement between parties the Silkos (SLK) team will further invest the matter and legally determine if all parties have honored their initial agreements due to reasonable terms of capability and expectations.



5



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



2.10 Web Assembly (WASM)

Web Assembly is an emerging web standard for building high performance web applications. With a few small modifications Web Assembly can be made deterministic and sandboxed. The benefit of Web Assembly is the widespread support from industry and that it enables contracts to be developed in familiar languages such as C or C++.



6



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



3. Conditions of trading

Based on the Silkos (SLK) trading platform we aim to create a user friendly and safe trading platform and Eco-system. We are offering the opportunity to trade or buy anywhere around the globe with no limitations and a 100% guarantee of safe service and delivery. The service will be based on our Silkos (SLK) tokens and this will come with many advantages regarding to speed of transaction, safety and anonymity. Transactions based on Silkos (SLK) are free of charge.

The Silkos (SLK) network will search for supplying and demanding parties which the system couples by trade purposes and intentions. If two (or multiple) parties find each other on the Silkos (SLK) network and have come to an agreement of trade the following process will be put into operation.

1. Buying partie(s) confirm acceptance of initial trade or service as has been offered or compose a list of expectations and demands for the trade.

2. Offering partie(s) will commit to full deliverable of services. 3. The The Silkos (SLK) network will create a temporary and unique trading safe

wallet for this particular agreement. 4. Buying parties will make the total payment off trade. 5. Funds will now be stored and frozen and stored in the trading wallet on the

Silkos (SLK) network. 6. All parties meet to initial agreements and deliverables. 7. All parties confirm all services and agreements have been met and deliverd. 8. The Silkos (SLK) network transfers the funds from the transaction safe to the

individual partie(s).



Every transaction based on EUR, USD, Bitcoin or Ethereum will be accepted and shifted into Silkos (SLK) tokens by the Silkos (SLK) network. Here for a small amount off service rate will be charged to every transaction based on EUR/USD/BTC/ETH. The service costs are charged with 0,25% of the initial payment.

Payments of transactions in seller accounts will be received in SLK tokens. For the shifting of currencies a minimal amount (0,25% of the initial payment) of service costs will be charged. Payments received on a Silkos (SLK) account to an external account are facilitated in EUR/USD/BTC/ETH.



7



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



4. Long-term business plan

4.1 Multiple forms of trading The Silkos (SLK) network will literally support any legal form trading that we have seen today in any forms of trading platforms.

4.2 Set new standard Silkos (SLK) is aiming to be the new standard in trading for goods or services. The initial service will be for a consumer to consumer, or business to consumer market but B2B services will definitely also be on the long term roadmap.

4.3 Make the trading easy and accessible. Silkos (SLK) team wants to open up the world for anyone who has something to offer neglecting their network, age, race, gender, background or education. Anyone who has something to offer to the market can join our international community and offer their product to the crowd without the dependency of middle parties.

4.4 Connect society and start networking

Next to the practical purpose Silkos (SLK) will also serve a social and networking purpose in the near future. People looking for new business, partnerships, networking, romance, friendships or maybe just some small talk can add find each other on our network. Trades do in no matter have to be involved with actual funds.

4.5 NFC payment system Silkos (SLK) users can pay or charge for their trade in real life by just holding their smartphones together and click on the approve button within the Silkos (SLK) app.



8



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



5. Conclusion

The goal of the Silkos (SLK) network, platform and eco system is to offer society a new an innovative way of trading bases on individual or multiple parties. An global, safe, international and decentralized platform. Supported with an active community and disregarding the need for middle parties or the and demand to own credit-cards, multiple kinds of FIAT money or PayPall kind of services.

A decentralized environment of peer to peer trading that literately offers anyone around the globe with internet access the change to participate to this trading environment. The first key point is to deliver a consumer to consumer and business to consumer services platform. This creates opportunity for any individual to offer their goods or services without having the need to the involvement of middle parties. After that the international businesses to businesses platform will be part of our roadmap.

A safe, well known and respected trading environment that guarantees commitment of services and will hopefully never facilitate non legal or malicious activities. We trust to commit to these expectations by moderating our content and develop a rewarding system for users that report any form of illegal content.

We hope in the future to offer society a global enrolled platform that everyone with a smartphone, tablet or computer can access and use. In the long term we hope to not only offer P2P services but also to create an environment in which entrepreneurs and startup businesses can profile themselves on without the need to for involvement of middle parties, retailers or other organizations.



9



Silkos(SLK)Whitepaper2017



