WHITE PAPER

by Incremint.io Ltd.

9 January 2018

Version 1.2



Table of Contents



1. INTRODUCTION



2



2. PROBLEM



2



3. SOLUTION



3



4. MINT TOKENS



4



5. MISSION AND TEAM



6



6. INCREMINT FEATURES



8



7. SMART VOTE FOR BACKERS



12



8. ESCROW CRYPTO WALLETS



12



9. ESCROW BANK ACCOUNTS



13



10. ESCROW FEES



13



11. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP



13



12. USE OF PROCEEDS AND ALLOCATION OF MINTS



15



13. ICO ROADMAP



17



14. INCREMINT DEVELOPMENT TEAM



18



15. INCREMINT ARCHITECTURE



19



16. IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION



20



17. UPDATES



20



1



1. INTRODUCTION

Initial Coin Offerings ("ICOs") have experienced explosive growth as a new means for project sponsors ("issuers") to fund promising initiatives. Harnessing the power of decentralized blockchain technology has enabled remote investors ("backers") to participate in projects without a middleman, unleashing a wave of innovation. Technology has outpaced regulation. Key risks inherent to the current practice of ICOs need to be addressed -- ideally without encumbering the potential of blockchain.

Incremint and Mint tokens mitigate these risks in a way that embraces the potential of blockchain and works in harmony with the decentralized community. Incremint is an escrow solution. It has key benefits to both issuers and backers. Mint tokens are an integral component of Incremint and will underpin the operations, governance and success of ICOs while offering a compelling value proposition by way of advantageous economic terms to backers.

2. PROBLEM

ICOs are unregulated, and backers have limited options to mitigate their risks. Issuers create a website and publish a white paper for a project that is often just a concept. Token buyers have negligible ability to perform due diligence on an ICO, which often has no underlying product to assess. They have no say in the governance of a project's execution after the ICO. They must accept not only the risks associated with the viability of the project, but also the risks associated with the integrity and competence of the issuers in delivering the project.

As the ICO market grows, forms of self-regulation are increasingly discussed. Existing options remain at the discretion and control of issuers and are rarely utilized. ICO precedents are emerging that reveal the lack of protections for backers and lack of fiduciary duty for issuers, and the dangers of such misaligned interests. Bad ICOs can shake confidence and reduce demand for issuances. Really bad ICOs may prompt state regulators to restrict issuances altogether. This would be detrimental to innovation and to the blockchain community as a whole.

2



3. SOLUTION

Incremint believes ICOs will continue to thrive and that the risks of an unregulated ecosystem with little governmental oversight inherent to ICOs can be best mitigated effectively from within the blockchain community.

An escrow solution is needed. Existing multiple signature escrow mechanisms rely on the discretion and performance of a person, the impartiality of whom is not always certain, rather than the automated and decentralized collective will of token buyers. This is a serious weakness. Traditional escrow mechanisms are problematic as well in the context of ICOs due to the limited capabilities and unwillingness of banks to deal with cryptocurrencies.

Incremint overcomes these critical deficiencies. It is a hybrid escrow product combining the reliability and trustworthiness of a traditional escrow mechanism, with the automation and enhancements of smart-contract voting ("smart voting") and decentralized blockchain technology. Incremint enables issuers to custom define parameters and escrow a portion of funds raised in their ICO, subject to release when designated milestones have been met and approved by token holders.

Incremint is not a middleman. Incremint is a backer-driven self-governance system, professionally administered.

Using Incremint, only a pre-agreed dollar amount or percentage of ICO proceeds passes through immediately to issuers at closing. The remainder is escrowed in a combination of crypto and fiat currencies. Issuers determine the split as required by their FX risk policies, and fiat is deposited with a reputable bank. At agreed dates, token holders vote to confirm whether milestones have been achieved, which, when confirmed, automatically causes the release of escrowed funds to the issuers. If an issuer is unable to achieve a milestone, escrowed funds can ultimately be returned to token holders following requisite voting procedures. Voting procedures are structured to prevent manipulation and unfair outcomes for issuers, while affording sufficient and reasonable protections to backers.

3



Incremint supports transparency and fairness after an ICO closes. It incentivizes communication and disclosure from issuers and rewards their achievements. It protects backers and engages them in a project's success. No other escrow solution being developed, to our knowledge, offers the same functionality and potential as Incremint.

4. MINT TOKENS Incremint.io Ltd. is conducting an ICO in which it will sell tokens called Mints. Each Mint will entitle its bearer to a 10% discount on a token purchase of up to .01 ETH value in an ICO using Incremint.

The basis for calculating the amount of the discount and controlling the scale of the discount will be .01 ETH per Mint token. Mints are being sold in this ICO at a fraction of that basis, creating a compelling economic opportunity for buyers. Mints will not expire, and may be used on subsequent ICOs using Incremint, in perpetuity, at the discretion of the token holder. Incremint will not charge a commission to Mint holders for their usage.

Mints offer two synergies to issuers when choosing Incremint: 1. Using the escrow solution will increase demand for their ICO because token buyers will have increased comfort due to the performance incentives placed on the issuers, and the reduction of risk that Incremint provides; and 2. Incremint will be underpinned by Mint token holders who will constitute a pool of incremental demand for the issuers' tokens, justifying the discount that an issuer accepts on these sales.

It is not envisaged that cannibalization of demand will occur such that token purchases by Mint bearers would otherwise occur without the existence of Mint tokens and their respective discount. The demand is thus incremental. An issuer should perceive purchases by Mint bearers not as a 10% discount, but as an incremental 90% sale. Issuers using Incremint's escrow solution may not opt out of this discount.

4



As statistical data from precedent transactions becomes available, issuers of new tokens using Incremint will have greater clarity on the demand to expect for their ICO, enabling them to more tightly define and align their token strategies with their needs.

The larger the community of Mint bearers - the greater the depth of the demand pool for issuers' ICOs. This will in turn attract more issuers to Incremint, creating a robust pipeline of ICOs for Mint bearers to consider backing and completing the synergistic loop. Appreciating these dynamics, Incremint's sale of Mint tokens will not be capped.

As an example of how the discount is calculated, assume a buyer owns 100,000 Mints. The buyer sees that a new ICO will be conducted using Incremint and researches the ICO. The buyer becomes interested in the potential of the underlying project and appreciates the reduced risk afforded by the Incremint escrow solution. As such, the buyer decides to purchase 1,500 newly issued tokens for 1,500 ETH. The Mint bearer, however, is able to purchase 1,500 new tokens of the issuer for a lower price of 1,400 ETH (having 100,000 Mints equates to a maximum discount basis of 1,000 ETH, so the buyer pays: (1-10%)*1,000+500 = 1,400 ETH, the 500 ETH not receiving the 10% discount as it is the amount in excess of the 1,000 ETH basis).

Mints will be issued over a three-month period beginning in January 2018. Early purchasers of Mints will benefit from the bonuses set forth under ICO Roadmap.

Mints buyers will share a fundamental belief in ICOs as a new paradigm in fundraising. They will have the opportunity to experience enhanced economics on future issuances of high-quality new tokens, with reduced risks owing to Incremint's escrow solution. This is a compelling value proposition to token buyers of all profiles. Institutional buyers will have a particular interest in this opportunity as it benefits their recurring appetite to buy into high-quality ICOs as well as their desire to support a robust self-regulatory mechanism in the blockchain sector.

5



5. MISSION AND TEAM

Incremint.io Ltd., the entity conducting the ICO, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Blockchain Escrow Technologies Ltd. ("BCE Technologies"). BCE Technologies' mission is to support the growth and development of the ICO market by better aligning the interests of issuers and token buyers, mitigating risks, and incentivizing openness and transparency. We believe in the potential of ICOs to fund innovation and view effective self-regulation mechanisms as critical to the long-term health of the ICO market and blockchain community.

The founders of BCE Technologies are highly-experienced legal and financial experts with extensive track records in complex commercial transactions. They combine practical experience in escrow and financing arrangements with the technical expertise of our strategic partners.

Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder Brian Konradi is an international corporate lawyer. He has practiced law since 2000, with transactional experience in the US, Europe and several offshore jurisdictions.

He was an associate with Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP and Bass Berry & Sims PLC for several years before joining the Moscow office of DLA Piper as a Partner in 2008. In 2010, Brian opened a solo practice, focusing primarily on cross-border transactions in the areas of mergers & acquisitions, private equity, joint ventures, start-ups, commercial transactions, strategic partnering and investments, and ICO legal advice.

In 2016 The Legal 500 included Brian in the list of recommended lawyers for Corporate/M&A in Russia noting him as a "superb dealmaker."

Brian has been a member of the State Bar of Texas since 2000. He received his undergraduate degree from Rhodes College in Memphis, Tennessee and his J.D. from Georgetown University Law Center in Washington, DC. He is a native of Dallas, Texas and a US national.

6



Chief Strategy Officer and Co-Founder Andrei Danilov is a highly-accomplished lawyer having successfully advised clients on international corporate transactions for almost two decades at UK and US-based law firms Allen & Overy, Latham & Watkins, and Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld LLP, and KPMG.

Andrei's work on behalf of clients has been recognized by leading legal publications, such as The Legal 500, and The Best Lawyers, which included Andrei in its lists of recommended lawyers for M&A, banking and corporate finance transactions.

Andrei is a graduate of MGIMO, a native of Moscow and a Russian national.

Chief Operating Officer and Co-Founder Peter Khokhlov is a corporate lawyer specializing in M&A, commercial transactions, and ICO legal advice.

Peter has previously worked at Hogan Lovells and KPMG before joining forces with Brian and Andrei in their Austinbased law practice.

Peter received a bachelor's degree from Illinois Wesleyan University in 2004, his J.D. from New York University School of Law in 2008, and is a member of the New York bar.

Chief Financial Officer and Co-Founder Hans Battle is an experienced corporate and investment banker with an accomplished track record in advising and financing complex strategic international transactions including M&A, IPOs, bonds, project finance and structured finance.

Hans has previously worked at HSBC Bank in London, Citigroup in Moscow, the Federal Reserve Bank in Houston, and was a Peace Corps Volunteer in Central Asia.

He received his MBA from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 2008 and is a US national.

7



Interim Chief Information Officer Myles Trachtenberg has over 20 years of experience leading digital transformation initiatives across the finance, healthcare, insurance, retail, and technology service sectors.

As COO of CapitalThinking Inc., Myles directed company operations and software engineering for the Commercial RealEstate platform. As CTO, Myles launched IntraLink's Digital Workspace platform, providing services for the Loan Syndication, M&A, and pharma communities. At Prudential Insurance, as VP of eBusiness, he consolidated Prudential Financial's online services, launching Prudential OnlineTM.

Myles has lead consulting initiatives across both wholesale and retail banking services while a VP at Chase, and he was the sponsoring technology executive leading the teams responsible for both online banking and the launch of Chase.comTM. Myles has also been a mentor for the New York Fintech Innovation Lab in New York City since 2014.



Interim Chief Technology Officer Adi Ben-Ari is the founder and CEO of Applied Blockchain. Adi has built Applied Blockchain into a "Global Top 20 Blockchain Development & Consulting Firm," according to Gartner, Inc.



Banking Group.



Prior to founding Applied Blockchain, Mr. Ben-Ari worked in solution / integration architecture and development in the telecoms sector with Vodafone, T-Mobile, Carphone Warehouse, Nextel, Verizon, KPN, UPC, O2, and Amdocs, and in financial services at Lloyd's Insurance Market and Lloyds



He has co-invented, designed, and registered a number of patents, including in connection with blockchain and mobile payments. Adi is a 2003 graduate of Tel Aviv University and is based in London.



6. INCREMINT FEATURES Incremint escrow solution offers the following features:

o Crypto wallets for holding cryptocurrencies in escrow

8



o Bank accounts for holding fiat currencies in escrow o Smart voting infrastructure o Fund release mechanism o A dedicated account representative o Flexibility to deal with unexpected circumstances by calling for extraordinary

voting (See "Super Votes" and "Force Majeure Feature" below.) o Currency volatility risk management capabilities o Real-time status updates of voting and fund disbursement status for both issuers

and token holders

Consider the following example. An Issuer wants to conduct an ICO and raise US$10 million in Ethereum ("ETH") in exchange for its tokens to develop its decentralized application ("DAPP"). To enhance the credibility of its ICO, increase demand from ICO token buyers, and tap into incremental demand from Mint Token holders, the Issuer engages Incremint.

A. PRE-ICO

The Issuer and Incremint agree on the parameters tailored to the Issuer's needs for collecting, escrowing and releasing ICO proceeds to the Issuer. In this case, it is agreed that the ICO proceeds will be released to the Issuer in the following tranches, as per the respective milestones:

1. 25% are immediately made available to the Issuer 2. 25% are released when the Issuer completes the MVP version of the DAPP 3. 25% are released when the DAPP infrastructure integration is complete 4. 25% are released when the DAPP goes live in beta

Each milestone has a deadline or pre-agreed completion mechanism. The Issuer requests that 80% of deferred ICO proceeds be exchanged into USD and deposited into an escrow account organized by Incremint with a reputable financial institution ("Bank").

9



B. ICO The terms of the collective escrow arrangement are detailed in the Issuer's white paper. The ICO is successful, and the Issuer sells coins for ETH worth US$10 million. Simultaneously, ETH worth $2.5 million goes to the Issuer. ETH worth US$7.5 million is escrowed, with 80% of that amount, or US$6.0 million, being converted to fiat and deposited in an escrow account with a third-party bank and 20% of that amount remaining in ETH and held in a virtual wallet.

C. POST-ICO The Issuer communicates the development of DAPP to its community of token holders, providing compelling evidence that the MVP version of DAPP is ready. Incremint initiates smart contract voting in regards to the respective milestone being achieved.

If a majority of the voting token holders (over 50%) vote in favor of releasing the next tranche, the next portion of 25% of ICO proceeds is released to the Issuer. In our example:

o ETH with a value of $0.5 million (at the time it was deposited) will be automatically transferred to the Issuer's wallet from the Issuer's Incremint wallet; and

o US$2.0 million will be transferred to the Issuer from Incremint's escrow account with the Bank (the smart contract voting would generate a binding instruction to the escrow bank as per the escrow agreement).

If a majority of the token holders is not satisfied that the milestone has been achieved and vote against the release of additional funds, no release would be initiated. If a preagreed supermajority percentage of the voting token holders vote against the proposed release, Incremint would call for a subsequent vote to determine whether the deposited amounts would be released back to the token holders.

10



D. THE FORCE MAJEURE FEATURE

Incremint would have the right to initiate voting in pre-agreed extraordinary circumstances.

For example, if the Issuer requests to Incremint that the pre-agreed release schedule needs to be amended, Incremint may initiate voting outside of the pre-agreed schedule. Or if unanticipated circumstances require an increase of tranche number two, Incremint may initiate a vote, and the token holders will then decide whether such amendment is warranted and may be authorized.

Alternatively, if Incremint, with reasonable evidence, believes that a sponsor is no longer pursuing their project in good faith, if no issuer disclosures have been made to token holders in the previous six months, if no issuer responses to chat room inquiries are provided in the previous three months, if no evidence is submitted in support of designated milestone, or if an Issuer repudiates a project, or if fraud is suspected, Incremint may initiate voting to return the remaining funds to the token holders without further delay.

E. THE SUPER VOTE FEATURE

To further protect token holders in an extraordinary circumstance where Incremint's standard functionality is not adequately safeguarding their interests, Incremint will allow for a super vote whereby a pre-disclosed super majority may initiate an early vote to force the return of all remaining escrowed funds. Super votes are initiated by a petition of "no confidence" by token holders. The Incremint website will maintain a platform for such "no confidence" petitions. If at any time during a two-week period 50% of all outstanding tokens petition in favor of a no-confidence vote, Incremint will initiate voting to return the remaining funds to the token holders pursuant to which a pre-disclosed super majority will be required for such release. In such cases the Issuer would be given the opportunity to make a rebuttal disclosure in favor of why the funds should not be returned.

11



F. ISSUER CUSTOMIZATION

As part of the onboarding process for each new Incremint client, issuers will have the right to customize their ICO parameters, including with respect to: a) designation of milestones, including target dates, b) percentage of voting required for each milestone, c) pre-agreed extraordinary voting that may be called at Issuer's discretion, and d) noconfidence parameters. All such selections will be published on the Incremint website for review by token buyers.

7. SMART VOTE FOR TOKEN HOLDERS

1. The smart vote interface allows token holders to identify themselves by sending a transaction to the wallet holding the tokens (note: tokens held by an exchange will not be eligible for voting).

2. Incremint identifies such person as a token holder and calculates how many votes he/she has in relation to the relevant project. Incremint will confirm the ERC-20 token ownership on chain, including number of tokens owned. A snapshot of overall token ownership will be taken when voting opens, and confirmed when each vote is received (ownership changes during the voting period will remove those tokens from voting process).

3. If a token holder is a registered user on Incremint, the system will automatically send voting notifications to the registered email address. Also, token holders can manually check the Incremint website for updates on voting.

4. Next to each voting process, there is information provided by the Issuer that is relevant to the voting, including links to an Issuer's disclosures regarding the achievement of a milestone, ICO launch and close dates, ICO funds raised, status of ICO funds, descriptions of past votes and results, and a chat room specific to each ICO using Incremint.

5. The token holder casts a vote with each token representing one vote. 6. When voting window closes, Incremint notifies registered token holders of the

results. The results will be based on a pre-agreed threshold of votes cast, the most common of which will be the majority of votes cast.

8. ESCROW CRYPTO WALLETS

Incremint crypto wallets will hold ETH. Separate wallets will be created for each issuer. The wallets will be logically tied to a smart voting contract for the relevant issuer. The

12



cryptocurrencies will be released to either an issuer or their respective token holders based on voting results.

9. ESCROW FIAT BANK ACCOUNTS An Issuer's expenses may be predominantly in fiat currencies, and an issuer may wish to convert escrowed funds to fiat at the time of closing their ICO to mitigate exchange volatility. Incremint will accommodate conversion and the subsequent deposit of fiat into an escrow account with a reputable financial institution. The relevant agreement will contain the escrow release mechanics. The trigger for the release of funds will be tied to the results of the smart contract vote of the token holders. Incremint will generate an instruction to the escrow agent in accordance with the escrow agreement. The escrow agent will be contractually obligated to follow such instructions and will not be permitted to transfer funds other than to the Incremint Crypto Wallet for further transfer to an issuer or token holders according to the voting results.

10. ESCROW FEES Incremint will charge an issuer 1% of its ICO proceeds with a minimum fee of US$50,000. No upfront payments will be required. The first $50,000 of ICO proceeds will go to Incremint to ensure minimum payment. The escrow fees will be withheld from the ICO proceeds.

Incremint will not charge a fee or commission to Mint bearers for the usage of Mints in realizing the 10% discount on purchases, as described in the section "MINT TOKENS."

11. CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP: THE INCREMINT FOUNDATION

A. VISION Blockchain (technology) will serve as a force for individual empowerment around the world.

13



B. MISSION The Incremint Foundation will advance and promote blockchain applications that improve the lives of people around the world.

The Incremint Foundation believes: o All people deserve to be recognized as equal. o Blockchain has the power to eliminate digital inequality. o The use of blockchain is a force to facilitate economic empowerment of all people and reduce digital inequality and the accompanying economic inequity.

The Incremint Foundation serves in the pursuit of a world in which all people's accomplishments, assets, and contributions are universally recognized. We strive to promote the use of blockchain to acknowledge, record and disseminate each person's worth and value to our planet.

C. ACTION In service to our vision, mission and beliefs, the foundation will contribute annually at least 5% of total assets held (as averaged from the previous year), as mandated by local law, to social enterprises, non-profit entities, and non-governmental organizations (NGO's) that have demonstrated proven results in positively affecting change in people's lives through the use of blockchain.

D. WHO IS BEHIND THE INCREMINT FOUNDATION BCE Technologies has committed to forming the Incremint Foundation and recruiting a board of directors that will serve in the best interest of the foundation's mission.

E. MANAGEMENT / DECISION MAKING Incremint will bring Mint bearers into the process. Following the Incremint Foundation's inception, it will periodically offer a portion of the Foundation's holdings for donation. A curated selection of organizations and causes will be published. Mint bearers will vote on which of the offered causes they prefer. Those organizations and causes with the

14



most votes will receive that period's allocated donation from the Incremint Foundation. Mint bearers will, therefore, not only have the commercial benefits of Mints, but also an opportunity to, in a unique way, contribute to the promise of blockchain throughout the world.

F. SOURCE OF FUNDS Incremint is committing 10% of its ICO proceeds (in excess of the initial US$1 million equivalent in ETH) to the Incremint Foundation in furtherance of the foundation's mission.

Incremint will encourage its clients to give as well. Each client will be asked to designate a target amount for its ICO raise and designate a percentage of funds the issuer is willing to commit to being a good corporate citizen. They can direct the funds to the Incremint Foundation or any other preferred cause. Should an Incremint client choose to make such commitments, the Incremint Foundation will facilitate the applicable donations.

Through our unique method of building our foundation through the contributions of our clients, the Incremint Foundation will become a foundation of the future, for the future. We believe in this foundation's power to fund, promote and drive the best blockchain applications for the 21st century and beyond. When a client chooses our escrow platform, not only will they be getting credibility and accountability, but they will also be able to claim responsibility for the positive evolution of human inequity.

12. USE OF PROCEEDS AND ALLOCATION OF MINTS Robust demand is anticipated for Mints. The first $4,800,000 USD of proceeds will be deployed in appropriate proportions to the following budget categories:

o Technical development of platform and hosting o Cyber security and auditing o Marketing and sales o General and administrative expenses o Advisors

15



o Repayment of short-term financing o Establishment of Incremint Foundation

Incremint will be operating in a dynamic environment where regulatory and security risks are paramount concerns, and where the competitive landscape will be continuously and rapidly evolving. In preparation to proactively manage these risks, establish Incremint as the preeminent blockchain escrow solution, and secure itself as a going concern for the long-term, ICO proceeds in excess of the near-term budget will be allocated as follows:

o Up to 10% will be set aside in treasury as a reserve for legal, PR and lobbying expenses should adverse regulatory challenges arise

o Up to 10% to initial venture financing o 10% will be allocated to the Incremint Foundation o Up to 10% to advisors and strategic partnerships o The remainder will be allocated for additional investment in security, legal,

technical and marketing services, general and administrative expenses, project and corporate development including strategic investments, and management compensation

Immediately following the close of the Incremint ICO the total amount of Mints sold will be grossed up to permit an additional allocation of Mints as follows:

o Up to 15% to advisors and backers, a portion of which will be subject to a 12 month lock-up period, with restrictions on monetization thereafter

o 10% to the four Incremint co-founders, all of which will be subject to a 12 month lock-up period, with restrictions on monetization thereafter

Increment will convert the proceeds of its ICO in excess of $4,800,000 USD to fiat and hold such funds in escrow. Such escrowed funds will be contractually obligated to be released upon Incremint engaging with its first ICO client. The excess funds escrowed will be net of obligations to venture financing and Applied Blockchain at closing.

16



13. ICO ROADMAP

Incremint's ICO will launch on 1 January 2018 and will proceed according to the schedule set forth below:



Stage Early Bird Private Sale Pre-Sale Tier 1 Pre-Sale Tier 2 ICO Launch Phase ICO Phase II ICO Phase III



Start Date 1-Jan 05-Feb 19-Feb 05-Mar 19-Mar 02-Apr



End Date 05-Feb 19-Feb 05-Mar 19-Mar 02-Apr 15-Apr



1 ETH = # Mints 2000 1800 1600 1400 1200 1000



% Bonus 100% 80% 60% 40% 20% 0%



Incremint reserves the right to accelerate the schedule above with respect to pricing phases in the circumstance that sales of Mints exceed $1,000,000 USD in any one phase.



The timeline for the Incremint launch and operations is planned as follows:



Date: Q1 2018 Q2 2018



Milestone: Security audit complete, Beta version available for testing Product launch.



17



14. INCREMINT DEVELOPMENT TEAM Incremint has formed a strategic partnership with Applied Blockchain based in London and recognized as a Global Top-20 blockchain

development firm by Garnter Inc. Applied Blockchain and its team have been involved in a number of complex and successful projects including within the FinTech space.

Applied Blockchain  Key Project Experience Financial institution building core banking infrastructure and full-stack banking application on a private blockchain using smart contracts Full-stack employment and experience verification based on blockchain and smart contracts Blockchain platform for the permissioned sharing and management of authorized signatory lists Invoice factoring and securitization built on private blockchain network Consumer blockchain application giving users a single biometric tool for login, payment and identity verification Distributed drone registry for leading air transport communications and IT specialist

18



15. INCREMINT ARCHITECTURE

The technical solution is comprised of a number of components: 1. Multi-Sig. Contract. Funds raised during an ICO are held in a standard multisignature contract. This contract will be deployed and configured to release funds only on receipt of signatures from both Incremint and the Voting Contract. 2. Voting Contract. When a voting event for an ICO client of Incremint opens, the owners of that ICO's tokens (ERC-20 token standard) will be recorded and granted access to vote. When a vote transaction is received from an account owning those ERC-20 tokens, the current ERC-20 account balance will be checked to confirm current eligibility (i.e. that tokens are still owned since start of voting window). The number of votes allowed will be proportionate to the number of ERC-20 tokens in the ICO project. Each vote will be recorded in the voting contract such that double voting will not be possible. All voting activity is recorded in the Voting Smart Contract, and is therefore auditable in the public blockchain using a standard blockchain explorer. Once the voting window is closed, no more votes will be accepted by the voting contract. 3. ERC-20 Contact. A standard ERC-20 (or 223) contract is assumed for the project. 4. Incremint Voting Application. This is designed as a standard full-stack web application compatible with a range of browsers. The Voting Application enables registration of a public blockchain account and identification of a voter (optional), including the ability to provide contact details for voting notifications. The Voting Application does not hold any cryptographic keys, nor does it send 19



any transactions to the public blockchain contracts. The underlying data will be stored in a secure privacy and GDPR-compliant database solution. 5. Voting Wallets. In order to associate a ERC-20 wallet with an Incremint voting account, owners will be required to send a transaction from the wallet by following instructions in the Incremint Voting Application. The transaction will not transfer any Ether or tokens, but will incur gas costs. The transactions will be used to prove that ERC-20 wallet belongs to the registered individual / entity. It should be noted that tokens held in exchanges, or offline storage will not be eligible for voting. Only tokens held in wallets that can be used to send transactions with data can be used for voting.

16. IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENTS ARE AVAILABLE AT WWW.INCREMINT.IO, CONTAIN ADDITIONAL IMPORTANT INFORMATION, AND ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

INCREMINT FAQs INCREMINT LEGAL / RISK FACTOR DOCUMENT INCREMINT TERMS AND CONDITIONS SUCH DOCUMENTS SHOULD BE READ IN CONJUNCTION HEREWITH.

17. UPDATES THE COMPANY RESERVES THE RIGHT TO UPDATE THIS WHITE PAPER FROM TIME TO TIME. PURCHASERS OF MINTS SHOULD REFER TO THE VERSION OF THE WHITE PAPER AVAILABLE ON THE WEBSITE AS OF THE DATE OF ANY SUCH PURCHASE.

20



