1



White Paper

Version 1.3

Legal Review by Thompson Bukher LLP Code Review by DLT Labs



injii is a blockchain protocol designed to lower the cost of charitable fundraising to zero. Built on this protocol is our platform that connects content creators with charities on a open-broadcast of content supporting causes.



White Paper 2



Abstract



A coin to inspire



"...We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness - not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful..." -Charlie Chaplin Final Speech in The Great Dictator



injii is a movement, a network for social good. We are global outreach without borders, created for those that



want to take a stand for what's right. It's a means to provide hope and opportunity for everyone through the



creation and broadcast of media content. If you're working towards a cause, sharing your creativity and artistic



nature, or you just want a better tomorrow, injii invites you to build/support, create/share, and



participate/inspire.



Our mission



Our mission is to be an honest and reliable source of real-time content working to support real world causes. The injii platform is an ecosystem of betterment that connects content creators with charitable organizations on a decentralized open broadcast.



Change your world



"It is in your hands to make of our world a better one for all" - Nelson Mandela



Through injii, the micro-individual can now make macro-world changes in poverty, hunger, health, human rights, and other social impact causes. injii is about everyone coming together in real-time to connect through great content and get involved in great causes.



White Paper 3



Introduction

Our Stance



"Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them." - Steve Jobs



We know that most people want to make a difference in the world, it just comes down to having a platform to do so. Our goal at injii is making the process simple and seamless.



 Content creators should have an easier way to reach a large audience while being able to maintain their content rights and monetize their work.

 Deserving charities should not have to pay excessive fees to raise donations for their cause.  Supporting causes should not be about how much an individual gives, but how much we can all raise

together on a global scale. Philanthropy shouldn't discriminate based on income.



We have a way to do right by our users, our content creators, our charities, and the community.

The Numbers



In 2016, Americans donated a total of 389 billion dollars to public 501(c)(3) charities, up 4.2% from the year before. Yet, 144 billion dollars of these contributions were spent on the cost to raise donations. In other words, $0.37 of every dollar never reached the cause. Through the injii platform, it's our plan to cut the cost of fundraising to zero. injii is here to solve this fundamental challenge, plain & simple.

As it stands, only a small fraction of up-and-coming content creators get the notoriety they deserve. Even with YouTube, about 96% of all videos don't ever get more than 10,000 views. There's a lot of amazing talent out there that goes under the radar because other online platforms have become so flooded with content. And the problem isn't stopping anytime soon -- roughly 12.96 million hours of content are added every month to YouTube. Artists need a better way to get noticed in real-time and be able to connect with their potential fans.



White Paper 4

Table of Contents



Abstract



2



Introduction



3



Platform



5



Ecosystem



9



Partners



14



Technology



15



Team



19



injii Access Coin



21



injii Access Events



22



Charity Benefits



23



Crowdsale Terms



25



Risk Factors



29



Conclusion



30



White Paper

injii Platform

How does injii work?

The injii platform is the joint effort of our community: Content Creators, Users, Charities, and Sponsors. The injii community works together to make the injii platform an engaging, rewarding and impactful experience.



5

injii connects creators with real active and engaged viewers. All performances uploaded to injii are owned by, registered to, and monetized for the content creator.



injii showcases original content on a real-time interactive broadcast to help raise awareness & donations for charities.



injii gives charities the platform to raise donations, in exchange we encourage charities to use these funds directly for their causes.



Users



that



appreciate



real-time



performances or good causes, have the



collaborative opportunity on injii to give



micro-donations and raise awareness for



charities.



All content creators on injii are asked to select a nonprofit 501(c)(3) Charity that they want to support with their content.



White Paper

6

injii Platform cont.

Content Creators

Content Creators sign-up on injii (authentication powered by civic.com) and upload (for approval) non-copyrighted original content. After content is accepted, approved and registered, injii then provides content creators access to injii's open source broadcast, allowing them to reserve/schedule a specific show-time for their content. This allows content creators the ability to premier their content in-front of a live viewer base. injii broadcasts both pre-recorded and live streaming content. The last and most important step is that injii requires all content be broadcasted alongside a charitable organization public 501(c)(3), the content creator decides on which charity they want to help support. Through the injii access coin and smart contracts, injii rewards content creators for uploading content and referring users. Also once content is archived on injii we allow content creators to monetize their content with the help of our partner companies on the blockchain.



White Paper 7

injii Platform cont.

Users

Users of the injii platform are empowered to have a say in what kind of content they want to see and how often. We leave it to our users to decide what causes will garner support. Although there is no cost to users on injii, we simply ask if they appreciate the content and/or the charity being featured, that they give a micro donation (cents) in any medium (fiat or crypto) to the cause during broadcasts. injii provides users an engaging and rewarding experience.

Every user on the platform will have the potential to earn injii Access Coin (IAC) and the coin of our partnering companies. Simply by viewing, commenting, ranking, rating, donating, and sharing, users are rewarded from the ecosystem allotment of IAC through smart contracts. Users with earned IAC can redeem the coin to attend exclusive injii Coin Only Events (concerts, festivals, recording sessions, online shows, etc.) and injii merchandise (signed memorabilia, limited edition souvenirs, and digital/analog media content).



White Paper

8

injii Platform cont.

Charities & Sponsors

Charities on injii, are provided a free, transparent and open platform to raise awareness and raise donations for their cause. We understand the cost issues charities have in raising donations; charities want to reduce these costs but still connect to the public for support. So we at injii are taking that initiative to make it easier, and at no expense to charities to get the donations they need to aid their deserving causes.

To be clear, injii does not charge charities anything to be on injii, nor does injii

take any cut from donations raised.

In return, we ask charities to pledge that donations will be applied directly to

the charity's mission & cause and not towards administrative expenses.

Just keepin' it real...

Sponsors on injii are given access to the injii broadcast to endorse their brand. To be clear injii's primary revenue model is working with companies and brands to create a customized call to action advertising plan on injii. The injii platform is a distribution network for our sponsors to positively convey their brand's message by working alongside our charities and content creators. At the end of the day, injii will deliver ads that the users want to see, and let the users participate in them with their consent. We are working with partners outside and inside the blockchain to streamline the ad monetization process and make it so everyone in the ecosystem gets compensated. Break bread.



White Paper 9

injii Ecosystem

injii User Workflow



White Paper

10

injii Ecosystem Cont.

Authentication Process

powered by Civic.com

As we are all aware, a pervasive and growing problem on the Internet is distinguishing which users are real and which are not. The rise of bots, spammers, impersonators, website scrapers and hacking tools have created a precarious setting for everyday users and a costly one for ad sponsors.

Our aim is not only to do social good but to create an environment where users, charities, content creators and sponsors can engage freely and fairly.

To ensure that users on our platform are real, we have partnered with Civic to authenticate every single registered user on the injii platform. This quick process takes place when users first sign up on the site. Once verified, all members within the ecosystem can be assured that it's real people who are participating on injii.

NOTE: We don't like trolls! Through Civic, we let the public decide which users are maliciously using injii and ban them from signing in again.



White Paper

11

injii Ecosystem Cont.

Engagement Model

powered by IAC (injii Access Coin)

Users wanting to participate in injii hosted events (injii Access Events) can earn IAC on the injii platform through smart contracts. They can earn coin by:

 Engaging with Content Creators  Voting/Rating content creators  Commenting on content

 Engaging with Causes  Donating to charities  Raising awareness for cause

 Engaging with Partners & Sponsors  Usage of partner services  Referring to friends/family

*While we cannot guarantee that a 3rd party token exchange market will exist, historical precedence shows that it would be a reasonable expectation that such a market would arise from organic user demand.



White Paper

12

injii Ecosystem Cont.

Content Submission Mpowoedreedlby Sia



White Paper

13

injii Ecosystem Cont.

Content Monetization Model

powered by AdShares.net

Through the technology of AdShares (ADST) and the use of Smart Contracts, the injii platform will enable the allocation of coin for watching ads and uploaded content. Users, who opt-in to watch ads, will have the ability to generate ADST coin for themselves, as well as for the creators of the content they are watching, and the corresponding charity being featured.

The integration of AdShares is to incentivize and reward all audiences for their time and engagement with content and advertisements. We understand that content creators deserve the lionshare of compensation, which is why 80% of what is generated is awarded to the content creators, while the remaining 20% allows for further interest on the injii platform for our users and charities.



White Paper 14

Partners



White Paper

15

Technology

Authenticated Roles Smart Contract Architecture (AuthR) - a hybrid Parent Child smart contract architecture that follows the proof of stake consensus when implemented.

injii started from the core principle of empowering people for social good. When we started building injii we wanted to keep our core principal inline with the available technologies. With the adoption of decentralized distributed protocols, injii could take on a life of its own and become a driving force for social good. In the transition, we found it logical to not only reach out to pioneers in the cryptocurrency industry but to adopt their technology to truly become a decentralized distributed network for social good.

Parent Child Architecture for Blockchain System is best described by Neeraj Srivastava so here is an excerpt from his paper on the subject: "As a first step, we can deploy a parent smart contract and this parent contract will have the feature of storing any other contract address and calling that contract using the contract address. Now, whenever we deploy a new child contract, we can update the parent contract with the address of new child contract and then parent contract will be able to call the child contract. The only limitation here is that the structure of child contract should be known to the parent contract (i.e. number of inputs going into child contract and number of output coming out of child contract should be known to the parent contract before deployment of parent contract.)"

In a delegated proof-of-stake (DPOS) consensus, the community votes for individuals, called witnesses, to be responsible for verifying transactions.



White Paper

16

Technology Cont.

injii is a hybrid Parent Child smart contract architecture that follows the proof of stake consensus when implemented. It's a new method of securing a crypto-currency's network that relies on certain Roles/nodes with predefined tasks to be responsible for verifying transactions. Each node's involvement in the network creates the injii community. When the node selects their path of involvement in the network, their node is assigned certain responsibilities to be carried out on the network. There are different Roles each with their own set of responsibilities. By operating responsibly, the Role/node is incentivized with a variety of crypto currencies within the injii ecosystem.

injii will develop an ERC-223 token and build a network of Authenticated Roles (AuthR) smart contacts using the Solidity framework. For partners to integrate with the injii platform, they will need to be an ERC-223 token. We look forward to Polka in 2019 so we can work with companies not on the ERC-223 format.

Authenticated Roles Smart Contract Architecture is an expansion of DPOS and Neeraj Srivastava's Parent & Child architecture for blockchain systems. When looking at DPOS, we value how it eliminates the need for high amounts of electricity to run a blockchain. However, we're not sold on the need for individuals to campaign to be responsible for a network. It quickly resembled politics and with the current landscape we saw obvious flaws. injii's core principle starts with empowering so we wanted to eliminate the barriers, develop a platform and design our smart contracts to allow anyone to quickly choose a Role and be rewarded as their output matched their responsibilities.

*https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/parent-child-architecture-blockchain-system-neeraj-srivastava



White Paper 17

Technology Cont.

Prior to nodes selecting their Role, they will first need to be Authenticated to ensure a platform and ecosystem of real users.

A Role can be chosen by any individual, company or smart contract. Neeraj's Parent & Child smart contract architecture creates a layer of upgradable contracts while AuthR is a network of upgradable smart contracts that can only be engaged by a network of authentic users.

The benefits of the internet come with hidden costs and most infamously, fake users, bots, trolls and overall no gooders without a face or trace back. With the adoption of decentralized distributed technologies, web 3.0 has taken form. To keep pushing the envelope and develop by the core principles of a decentralized distributed network, we are not creating one token to do everything for a community. We are creating one community to do everything with multiple tokens.

In our research we found CIVIC's authentication protocol to be the most advance step towards eliminating fake users. Each node will be authenticated by CIVIC prior to any engagement on the injii platform.

Once authenticated, nodes can choose a Role and start participating on the platform. Depending on the Role, nodes will be incentivized to engage other Roles, aka nodes, on the injii platform. By partnering with other leading cryptocurrency technologies, injii is able to "bake in" the best of technologies while creating a stable environment for social good. With the Parent & Child architecture, injii will be able to partner and expand Roles as needed without affecting the underlying immutable blockchain of data.



White Paper 18

Technology Cont.

The community then becomes modular where we can keep the parts that make the most positive social change and drop Roles that don't make sense anymore.

Authenticated nodes with Roles will be incentivized with other ERC-223 tokens on the injii platform. The injii platform will need to acquire child tokens to keep the parent contracts active on the platform. Child tokens will be purchased from company funds. injii will operate as a for profit business with the Role of stabilizing the ecosystem. injii will need to acquire partnership tokens, aka child tokens, as needed but will be held to rules defined by its Role on the platform.

The Roles have been defined but are not limited at this time in thanks to Parent & Child. Upon further review we will structure the smart contracts to be upgradable in the future. To achieve this we can arbitrarily set the number of potential roles to 10,000. With the current number of roles sitting at 7, we have taken into account the possibility of never running out of slots for Roles to be defined, thus rendering the system forever upgradable with 0% need for any down time on the system. Since the Roles will be defined and executed on and by the blockchain, the system can operate without human administration.

*http://dltlabs.io/parent-child-architecture-for-blockchain-system/

*https://themerkle.com/what-is-delegated-proof-of-stake/



White Paper 19



The Team



Justin (Justo) Paul

Founder & Chief Executive Officer



Swan Burrus

Senior Marketing Manager



Justin (Founder/CEO), born in Brooklyn, NY, has been a bootstrap, startup 42 entrepreneur since age 12. During his youth, Justin developed website

platforms for local small businesses to help grow their sales. He started working full-time when he was 14, he trained, supervised, and engaged a team of employees twice his age to work hard, drive home results, and make commissions. During undergrad at Pace University (Accounting), he worked full-time as an intern at a startup marketing company and through the next 11yrs his role developed to Director of Operations. Justin is an ambitious, dedicated and enthusiastic social entrepreneur who specializes in innovation through social good and disruptive game-changing ideas. He is quick to familiarize himself with the latest technologies, newest platforms, application processes and industry developments while demonstrating a logical and analytical approach to finding solutions for complex problems. Justin's vision is to improve millions of lives, his goal is global impact.



Swan joins injii with a strong marketing background in a variety of strategic disciplines for global clients across multiple verticals: Hospitality & Travel, Finance, Technology, Pro Bono, CPG, and Food/Beverage. While working with agencies such as Ogilvy & Mather, Crispin Porter + Bogusky, and The Buntin Group, he has led engagement, content, and brand strategy to identify consumer needs, develop integrated brand campaigns, and reduce friction in the customer experience. Born and raised in Music City, TN and having earned his Psychology degree from Washington and Lee University, Swan hopes to bring his passion for music and human behavior to further injii's vision of connecting people and artists to build a better world.



Robert Varghese

President & Chief Operating Officer



David Menard

Software Engineer



Robert (President/COO) brings to injii over 20 years of experience in investment management, investment banking and technology. Over the course of his career, he has worked for major institutions such as Morgan Stanley, GE, FactSet Research Systems, and SunTrust. Robert has held senior positions in some of the most prominent private investment firms in the country, including: Cadence Capital Management in Boston, Bass Brothers in Texas, and Arcus Capital Partners in Atlanta. Robert has a BBA from Pace University in NY and earned his MBA at Northeastern University in MA. Drawing on his experiences as a highly successful investor, Robert oversees all business operations for injii and works closely with Justin on formulating growth strategies and fulfilling the founding vision for the firm.



David is a patented designer, business developer and software engineer born in the heart of silicon valley, Palo Alto, California. Since an early age, technology and entrepreneurship have lead to a vast portfolio of projects and startups garnering him success in the music, retail and tech industries on a global scale. Having relocated for business in China, Spain, and Thailand, David brings a melting pot of international business experience with community engagement at it's core. He has worked directly with top brands and companies such as Virool, Google, Ludacris, Patricia Field, New Relic, Insomniac Events, and Yola.com. More recently David has won hackathons throughout the Bay Area including Developerweek 2017 and Iot World Santa Clara 2016.



David Alfonso "Alf" Castaneda

Chief Technical Officer



Sishir Varghese

Head of Company Relations



David Alfonso (CTO), also better known as Alf, is from Tennessee by way of NYC/NJ area. Alf helped launched initiatives to help benefit the local non-profit and music economy while attending college in Chattanooga, TN. Shortly after, Alf worked with a variety of live entertainment, music, and media companies such as MarchOneMusic, ThisSongIsSick.com, and OctalSound. After his stint in the music industry he shifted focused on web dev consulting while holding a support role at Apple, Inc. Alf has been part of award winning teams at hackathons and pitch competitions, most recently with The Company Lab (undaground, 2015) and with Mozilla/US Ignite (PBS, 2012). Alf currently holds a part-time position at Codecademy (NYC) teaching others on how to use code to launch their own ideas and careers.



An avid proponent, investor and entrepreneur in the blockchain community, Sishir brings a diverse background to injii. Hailing from New York City, he received his Masters degree from Columbia University and has experience working throughout the U.S., Europe and Asia. He has managed international development teams creating mobile apps, content marketing and functional analytics. He continues to play a strong role in developing relationships with investors and community members alike. In 2016, Sishir moved to the West coast to Santa Monica and is eager to continue building a strong foundation for the injii community.



White Paper 20



The Advisors

Cordell Carter, II

Philanthropic Sector Advisor

Nationally recognized leader serving at the intersection of philanthropy, education and innovation, currently leading an education forum for emerging leaders for a global think-tank. Previously served as founding CEO of an education-technology start-up; chief of staff for the world's largest education foundation; director of operations for a national charter school advocate; education and information technology lobbyist for a premier national association of Fortune 250 chief executive officers; various senior leadership roles with an urban school district; attorney for German bank; and management consultant with IBM.

Thomas Hyun

Compliance Advisor

Tom brings 8+ years experience with financial crime investigations and regulatory compliance matters. Tom currently serves as the Director of Compliance for a regulated virtual currency exchange and a financial technology company delivering a blockchain settlement solution for post-trade market infrastructures. Previously, Tom worked at EY where he advised financial institutions through regulatory compliance issues ranging from BSA/AML, Economic Sanctions, and KYC-related matters.



Daniel Zen

Technical Advisor

Daniel has been at the forefront of web development since its inception. Born and raised in Montreal, he graduated from MIT as a Computer Science Engineer and briefly worked south of Wall St. Zen produced some of the first web based multimedia for children in Soho at an MIT Media Lab startup. After a brief stint in advertising with Saatchi & Saatchi, he started zen.digital as a consulting & corporate training company, and taught programming at the New School & NYU while speaking at various conferences. In 2003, Daniel moved to San Francisco to work at Pivotal Labs where he was an Extreme Programmer & Manager  disciplines that later took on names like Agile Development & Scrum Master. He consulted for Google for over 5 years before moving back to New York to reform zen.digital. In April 2012, he started the New York AngularJS Meetup which meets monthly at Google's Chelsea office, and is still giving training and conference presentations.

Rumi Oodally

Business Development Advisor

Rumi has worked in Business Development & strategy consulting across different sectors focused on domestic and international markets. He couples his experience working at some of the largest financial institutions including J.P. Morgan Asset Management and Merrill Lynch with a passion for working with other entrepreneurs to tackle problems both big and small. He is passionate about education and innovation and serves on several non-profit advisory boards. Rumi grew up in Kings County, NY and graduated summa cum laude from Princeton University.



Juan George

Sponsorship Advisor

Juan joined Olo, the country's first mobile food ordering platform 2 years before the iPhone release. Over the past 10 years, Juan has worked tirelessly in various roles growing a startup with 30 restaurants into the industry's largest digital ordering provider with 40,000 restaurants and growing. He's personally been involved in leading complex, multi-million dollar deals at some of the largest brands in the country. Juan has been involved in injii since it's founding and is currently responsible for helping source strategic charity and entertainment partnerships.



Olivier Azan



White Paper

injii Access Coin

The injii Access Coin (IAC) is a key that opens the door to unique events and experiences for those that want to be there and be involved. The value of the IAC is determined by the community (by the organic interest of the open market to acquire and trade IAC) and will be exchangeable for tickets to injii access events (e.g. concerts, festivals, recording sessions, online shows, etc.), and injii merchandise (artists & entertainer memorabilia, limited edition souvenirs, and digital/analog media content).



21

Of the funds raised from the injii coin purchase, the largest use allocation will be to fund these charity benefit experiences (injii Access Events). Our goal is to have ongoing events both in the U.S. and worldwide, where admission is granted in exchange for injii Access Coin. The line-up for our events will be determined by the injii community on the injii platform. Users will now be empowered to help decide the nature of the events that are held.



*While we cannot guarantee that a 3rd party token exchange market will exist, historical precedence shows that it would be a reasonable expectation that such a market would arise from organic user demand.



White Paper

22

injii Access Events

injii Access Coin Only Hosted/Partner Shows, Concerts, and Festivals

The benefit of being an injii Access Coin (IAC) holder is that it not only enables premium content and features on the injii platform but also grants exclusive access to a myriad of private events and programs that injii will be hosting around the country and around the world. To stage first-rate events, we are partnering with firms like PRG, the world's premier entertainment and event technology solutions provider.

injii Access Event 2018 Plan:

5-8x Music/Film Shows/Festivals, Small-Mid-Sized during April- November Possible Cities: Brooklyn, Atlanta, Austin, San Francisco, San Diego, Seattle, Nashville, Portland, Phoenix, Scottsdale, Los Angeles, New Orleans Est. Total Cost: $1.5M - $2.5M

2-4x Summer Mid-Sized Music Concerts during May- September Possible Location: North America, Asia, and Europe Est. Total Cost: $3.75M - $4.0M

3-8x Large/Arena (Existing) Concert Sponsorship during January - December Location: TBD Est. Total Cost: $1.25M - $1.75M

We will continually create new and innovative experiences for our user base while staying true to our core mission of raising awareness and funding for charitable causes.



White Paper 23

Benefits of Becoming an injii Charity Partner



We are partnering with leading firms to develop the coin ecosystem in order to provide an engaging and rewarding user experience. The most important partnerships that we form will be with the charities for whom we are working to raise awareness and funding. While what we've described thus far might sound overwhelming, the benefits of becoming an injii charity partner are vast and numerous.



1. There is absolutely NO COST to the charity to participate. 2. By participating, you will be listed on the injii platform.

The direct benefit of this is two-fold: a. It allows artists/content creators to select you as the charity they want to sponsor b. Users will be able to donate to your cause directly

3. You will receive support from other injii partners and sponsors

4. All transactions will be fully transparent, reliable and, most importantly, secure

5. You will be able to offer donors meaningful rewards*



*While we cannot guarantee that a 3rd party token exchange market will exist, historical precedence shows that it would be a reasonable expectation that such a market would arise from organic user demand.



White Paper 24

Business Case for injii Charity Partners



Innovation

A. Over the last decade, the philanthropic sector is growing by 30-40% as Baby Boomers gradually leave the workplace and transfer some of their wealth to philanthropic efforts

B. These new funders see donations as property/asset to be managed and are looking for innovators that can make change happen

C. Being seen as a first-mover in the philanthropic sector by accepting convertible virtual currency signals to donors that your charity thinks outside the box/embraces innovation



Efficiency

A. Charities spend much of their time raising funds to accomplish their mission, averaging 37% cost of fundraising

B. Donors are pushing charities to be more efficient with internal costs so that more of their donations may reach the causes they intended to support

C. injii coin ecosystem affords charities the opportunity to leverage their social networks to drive up participation which in turns increases the value of their gift of injii coin



White Paper

25

Crowdsale Terms

The injii public Crowdsale is slated to begin First Quarter 2018. The company will create 500,000,000 injii Access Coins (IAC). These coins will be allocated as follows:

 50% (or 250 million) will be offered for sale as part of the IAC coin purchase.  The Price per IAC is $0.10 USD.  The minimum number of coins for purchase will be 2500.  We will be accepting ETH/BTC/USD in exchange for IAC.

 During the crowdsale period, we will be offering the following discounts:  A 20% discount (price of $0.08 USD) will be offered to those who purchase during the first two weeks of the sale period (minimum purchase of 5000 IAC).  A 10% discount (price of $0.09 USD) will be offered to those who purchase during the second two weeks of the sale period (minimum purchase of 3000 IAC)..

 There will be a pre-sale period. We will be offering up to 50,000,000 IAC for purchasers during this time.  We will offer a discount of 40% (price of $0.06 USD).  The minimum purchase amount will be 1,000,000 IAC.

 Any coins that go unsold will be added back to the Company Inventory and locked for a period of two years.  All coins purchased during the crowdsale will be released within 90 days of the end of the Crowdsale.

PLEASE NOTE: any individual or organization that is located in a jurisdiction where coin offerings have been outlawed will be prohibited from participating in this crowdsale. It is incumbent upon any prospective purchaser to be aware of and comply with any laws or regulations governing your participation.



White Paper

26

Crowdsale Terms Cont.

 25% (125 million) will be allocated to the Company (the "Company Inventory")  Costs associated with the crowdsale and allocations of IAC to team members/advisors/others will be made out of company inventory (not Crowdsale proceeds). These will be subject to a 90-day lock-up.  Of the remaining coins in Company Inventory, 50% of the coins will be locked up for a period of 1 year from the Crowdsale End Date; the remaining 50% will be locked up for a period of 2 years from the Crowdsale End Date;  At the conclusion of each lock-up period, the Company reserves the right to use the coins in the Company Inventory for any purpose at its sole discretion.  In the event that less than 100% of coins offered during the public Crowdsale (250M) are sold, the Company reserves the right to hold a Secondary Coin Offering in the future.  In such an event, the Company will NOT be creating any new coins but, rather, re-offer the coins that were originally issued but unsold and were kept in Company Inventory.  In no event will any coins from the Company Inventory be sold by the company in a secondary crowdsale for a Price per IAC of less than $0.10 USD.  Any potential secondary Crowdsale will NOT take place for a period less than two years after the end date of the first Crowdsale.

 25% (125 million) will be allocated towards User and Content Acquisition.  Intent is to create a robust and vibrant injii ecosystem.  As described in the User and Engagement models, users and content creators will have the opportunity to earn injii Access Coins (IAC).  IAC that is earned may be used on the injii platform, for exclusive injii events, and on injii partner platforms.  Once the User and Content Acquisition pool is fully exhausted, no new tokens will be created.



White Paper 27



Crowdsale Terms Cont.



Proceeds from the injii Coin Purchase will allocated as follows:



We are cognizant of the volatility that has been seen in crypto-currency markets and realize that a contributing factor has been the success of various coin sales. To dampen this volatility, we pledge to convert no more than one-third of funds raised in the first 90 days after the conclusion of the Crowdsale.



It is important to note that the Budget Allocation presented is not simply for the immediate future but, rather, how we will be utilizing the proceeds raised for the next 3-5 years

 Event Sponsorship: 50% of the budget will be allocated to sponsoring benefit events (e.g. musical performances, film festivals, etc.) around the world that will be exclusively available to IAC holders.

 Platform Development: 20% of budget will go towards further build-out of the platform (e.g. coin and smart contract integration, development on existing platforms such as Apple TV, Amazon Fire, Roku, etc. as well as creation of native mobile applications).  Note: 10-15% of the Platform Development budget will be dedicated to Security.

 Global Marketing: 15% of budget will allocated to building the injii brand worldwide.

 Legal and Administration: 10% of budget will go towards crowd-sale related expenses and, more significantly, legal and accounting costs, as well as company administrative and overhead expenses.

 Contingency: 5% of budget will be set aside for any unforeseen costs.



White Paper

28

Risk Factors

Certain Risks Relating to Purchase, Sale, and Use of Coins. Important Note: As noted elsewhere in these Terms, the Coins are not being structured or sold as securities or any other form of investment product. Accordingly, none of the information presented in this Whitepaper is intended to form the basis for any investment decision, and no specific recommendations are intended. The Company expressly disclaims any and all responsibility for any direct or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever arising directly or indirectly from: (i) reliance on any information contained herein, (ii) any error, omission or inaccuracy in any such information or (iii) any action resulting from such information.

By purchasing, owning, and using Coins, you expressly acknowledge and assume the following risks:

1. Risk of Losing Access to Coins Due to Loss of Private Key(s), Custodial Error or your Error. A private key, or a combination of private keys, is necessary to control and dispose of Coins stored in your digital wallet or vault. Accordingly, loss of requisite private key(s) associated with you digital wallet or vault storing Coins will result in loss of such Coins. Moreover, any third party that gains access to such private key(s), including by gaining access to login credentials of a hosted wallet service you use, may be able to misappropriate your Coins. Any errors or malfunctions caused by or otherwise related to the digital wallet or vault you choose to receive and store Coins, including your own failure to properly maintain or use such digital wallet or vault, may also result in the loss of your Coins. Additionally, your failure to precisely follow the procedures set forth in for buying and receiving Coins, including, for instance, if you provide an incorrect Coin Receipt Address, or provides an address that is not ERC-223 compatible, may result in the loss of your Coins.

2. Risks Associated with the Ethereum Protocol. Because Coins and the Ecosystem are based on the Ethereum protocol, any malfunction, breakdown or abandonment of the Ethereum protocol may have a material adverse effect on the Ecosystem or Coins. Moreover, advances in cryptography, or technical advances such as the development of quantum computing, could present risks to the Coins and the Ecosystem, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services, by rendering ineffective the cryptographic consensus mechanism that underpins the Ethereum protocol.

3. Risk of Mining Attacks. As with other decentralized cryptographic Coins based on the Ethereum protocol, the Coins are susceptible to attacks by miners in the course of validating Coin transactions on the Ethereum blockchain, including, but not limited, to double-spend attacks, majority mining power attacks, and selfish-mining attacks. Any successful attacks present a risk to the Ecosystem and the Coins, including, but not limited to, accurate execution and recording of transactions involving Coins.

4. Risk of Hacking and Security Weaknesses. Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere with the Ecosystem or the Coins in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing and spoofing. Furthermore, because the Ecosystem is based on open-source software, there is a risk that a third party or a member of the Company team may intentionally or unintentionally introduce weaknesses into the core infrastructure of the Ecosystem, which could negatively affect the Ecosystem and the Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.

5. Risks Associated with Markets for Coins. The Coins are intended to be used solely within the Ecosystem and the Company will not support or otherwise facilitate any secondary trading or external valuation of Coins. This restricts the contemplated avenues for using Coins to the provision or receipt of Services, and could therefore create illiquidity risk with respect to any Coins you own. Even if secondary trading of Coins is facilitated by third-party exchanges, such exchanges may be relatively new and subject to little or no regulatory oversight, making them more susceptible to fraud or manipulation. Furthermore, to the extent that third parties do ascribe an external exchange value to Coins (e.g., as denominated in a digital or fiat currency), such value may be extremely volatile and diminish to zero.

6. Risk of Uninsured Losses. Unlike bank accounts or accounts at some other financial institutions, Coins are uninsured unless you specifically obtain private insurance to insure them. Thus, in the event of loss or loss of utility value, there is no public insurer, such as the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or private insurance arranged by Company, to offer recourse to you.

7. Risks Associated with Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions. The regulatory status of the Coins and distributed ledger technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. It is difficult to predict how or whether regulatory agencies may apply existing regulation with respect to such technology and its applications, including the Ecosystem and the Coins. It is likewise difficult to predict how or whether legislatures or regulatory agencies may implement changes to law and regulation affecting distributed ledger technology and its applications, including the Ecosystem and the Coins. Regulatory actions could negatively impact the Ecosystem and the Coins in various ways, including, for purposes of illustration only, through a determination that the purchase, sale and delivery of the Coins constitutes unlawful activity or that the Coins are a regulated instrument that require registration or licensing of those instruments or some or all of the parties involved in the purchase, sale and delivery thereof. The Company may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.

8. Risks Arising from Taxation. The tax characterization of Coins is uncertain. You must seek your own tax advice in connection with purchasing Coins, which may result in adverse tax consequences to you, including withholding taxes, income taxes and tax reporting requirements.



White Paper

29

Risk Factors Cont.

9. Risk of Competing Ecosystems. It is possible that alternative ecosystems could be established that utilize the same open source code and protocol underlying the Ecosystem and attempt to facilitate services that are materially similar to the Services. The Ecosystem may compete with these alternatives, which could negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.

10. Risk of Insufficient Interest in the Ecosystem or Distributed Applications. It is possible that the Ecosystem will not be used by a large number of individuals, companies and other entities or that there will be limited public interest in the creation and development of distributed ecosystems (such as the Ecosystem) more generally. Such a lack of use or interest could negatively impact the development of the Ecosystem and therefore the potential utility of the Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.

11. Risks Associated with the Development and Maintenance of the Ecosystem. The Ecosystem is still under development and may undergo significant changes over time. Although we intend for the Coins and Ecosystem to function, and intend to take commercially reasonable steps toward those ends, we may have to make changes to the specifications of the Coins or Ecosystem for any number of legitimate reasons. Moreover, we have no control over how other participants will use the Ecosystem, what products or services will be offered through the Ecosystem by third parties, or how third-party products and services will utilize Coins (if at all). This could create the risk that the Coins or Ecosystem, as further developed and maintained, may not meet your expectations at the time of purchase. Furthermore, despite our good faith efforts to develop and participate in the Ecosystem, it is still possible that the Ecosystem will experience malfunctions or otherwise fail to be adequately developed or maintained, which may negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, and the potential utility of the Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.

12. Risk of an Unfavorable Fluctuation of ETH or BTC Value. If the value of ETH or BTC fluctuates unfavorably during or after the Crowdsale, we may not be able to fund development, or may not be able to develop or maintain the Ecosystem in the manner that it intended. In addition to the usual market forces, there are several potential events which could exacerbate the risk of unfavorable fluctuation in the value of ETH and/or BTC, including uncertainties created by the lack of resolution to the bitcoin scaling debate, the possibility of a so-called "Hard Fork" of bitcoin if one of the competing camps in the scaling debate decides to force the issue; another DAO-like attack on the Ethereum network; or significant security incidents or market irregularities at one or more of the major cryptocurrency exchanges.

13. Risk of Dissolution of the Company or Ecosystem. It is possible that, due to any number of reasons, including, but not limited to, an unfavorable fluctuation in the value of ETH and/or BTC (or other cryptographic and fiat currencies), decrease in the Coins' utility (including their utility for obtaining Services), the failure of commercial relationships, or intellectual property ownership challenges, the Ecosystem may no longer be viable to operate or the Company may dissolve.

14. Risks Arising from Lack of Governance Rights. Because Coins confer no governance rights of any kind with respect to the Ecosystem or the Company, all decisions involving the Company's products or services within the Ecosystem or the Company itself will be made by the Company at its sole discretion, including, but not limited to, decisions to discontinue its products or services in the Ecosystem, to create and sell more Coins for use in the Ecosystem, or to sell or liquidate the Company. These decisions could adversely affect the Ecosystem and the utility of any Coins you owns, including their utility for obtaining Services.

15. Unanticipated Risks. Cryptographic Coins such as the IAC are a new and untested technology. In addition to the risks included herein, there are other risks associated with your purchase, possession, and use of the Coins, including unanticipated risks. Such risks may further materialize as unanticipated variations or combinations of the risks discussed in this document.

16. Risks Arising from Event Cancellations. There are innumerable factors outside of our control that could lead to an event or series of events to be cancelled. The result of which could be negative press for the company, which could negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.

17. Risks Arising from False Representation by Charity Partners. Either intentionally or unintentionally, a Charity may lose its 501(c)(3) status. In addition, it is possible that an organization may misrepresent itself as an actual Charity. While it is company policy that any charity that is initially listed on the injii database must have an active 501(c)(3) status, we cannot make any guarantees or make any representations regarding the charitable organization themselves or their ongoing status.

18. Risks Arising from Artists Performances. We require all content on the injii platform to be "family-friendly". We would ask/expect the same of any live events sponsored by injii. Unfortunately, there is no way to fully ensure that an artist will abide by the rules we would put in place. As such, we make no guarantees as to Artists' behavior during their performances. The result of which could be negative press for the company, which could negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.

19. Risks Arising from Copyright Infringement.It is our intent to partner with firms to protect content rights. However, there is no way to fully ensure indemnification from claims that may or may not have any basis in fact. Such claims could result in negative press for the company, which could negatively impact the Ecosystem and Coins, including the utility of the Coins for obtaining Services.



White Paper 30

To become the agent of social good that we strive to be, we realize we cannot do it alone. We invite you to join the movement, make a difference, and change the world.

Are You injii?

Do, or do not. There is no "try". - Yoda



