NewEraOfDecentralizedInvestments

Investy

Decentralizedinvestmentplatform WhitepapersummaryRev.1.2



While the blockchain industry is developing, new advanced solutions are appearing. New cryptocurrencies and tokens are being made, more and more perspective startups are suggesting their innovative projects, thus cryptoexchange is rising. The exchange now is at the stage of dynamic growth, but still this is just a start. Exchange, which has a huge potential for further increase, attracts more people and opens new possibilities for investments. Nevertheless, at this point exchange is risky and is not stable; there are not so many tools and solutions for comfortable access to exchange for new members. Investy is a social cryptoinvestment platform. Our mission is to provide new members of the exchange with opportunities of safe and simple investing in the new industry, to help new members and experienced ones such as traders and cryptofunds to find each other.

Nowadays many professionals from the traditional finance world are involved in the cryptocommunity and new people are waiting for multiple increase of invested capital for a short time. An amount of exchange members grows every day and this growth is to be continued. As you all know, the market is an aggressive environment and non-experienced people often lose their money and leave the market. Different cryptocurrency funds offer investing in them, alleging as their reason that professional fund's team can multiple your investments fast and without your participation, but is this true? Mainly, investor's choice depends on fund's advertising and marketing. An investor does not have sufficient data for comparative analysis to estimate terms of cryptofunds and measure potential profit from investments. And what should successful professional traders do if they do not have appropriate marketing budget but they do have required skills to provide competitive profit from investments? There is no adequate solution what will provide possibility for an investor to decide where to invest assets and also guarantee bona fide performance of trader's or fund's duties.

3



1.InvestyOverview

Investy is a platform for decentralized investments, enabling investing in cryptocurrencies, funds, portfolios and private traders in an accessible, transparent and safe way.

Thenextlogicalstepofcryptoinvestmentinfrastructuredevelopmentisthecreation ofasingleinvestmentplatform.Aplatform thatcombinesasinglemarketplacefor funds,tradersandotherprofessionalsandfunctionsofthetradingsystem tomonitor theeffectivenessofthereal-timemanagement.Atthesametime,aplatform shall ensurethereliabilityofinvestments,securinganinvestorfrom withdrawaloffunds bydishonesttraderontheonehand,andguaranteeabonusforsuccessfulworkofa professionalontheotherhand.Investyincludesallnecessarytechnicalopportunities tomeetthehighestreliability,transparencyandsecurityrequirements.

1.1ProjectValue

TRANSPARENCYOFDATA.Weprovideaninvestorwithamarketplacewherehemay chooseatraderorfundandbesurethatthosedataabouttheworkresultsthathe seesareauthentic.Also hemaybesurethatno onewilllayhandson hismoney. Manyfundsdonotprovidetransparentreportingfortheirinvestors,andoftentheir officialnumbersdonotexceedthegrowthofbitcoin.Therearemanysuchexamples, and thiscannothelp butplease.According to the currentsituation,many good traders cannot attract investors, because they do not have the competencies necessary to create and advertise a certain fund.

SAFETYOFINVESTMENTS.Thereisnoneedtotransferyourassets,theyarealways onyouraccount,youtransferonlyaccesstothetransaction,andtherestisassumed bytheplatform.Wearethefirstonestodevelopandimplementanexpertsystem, theplatform assumestheroleofagatewayandblocksallfraudulenttransactions. Investing via Investy you can be sure notonly thatyour money willnotbe withdrawn,butalsointheabsenceoffraudoptionsfrom trader'sside.Noonecan loseyourdeposit.Itismaximum securitythatyoucanimagineatthemoment.

TRUST.Thus,wesolvetheproblem ofdistrusttosuchservicesandmarkets,which willpositively affectboth professionalsin financialmanagementand people who wanttoinvesttheirmoneycompetently.Unlikeforexbrokers,etc.,wedonotmake money on the lossesofourcustomers,butratherwork according to a win-win system.Atradergetsprofit-aninvestorgetsprofit-theplatform getsprofit.

Donotforgetthatthisisconvenient.Ifyouareabeginneranddonotknow how to "enter"acryptorwhattodoafterbitcoinpurchase,welcometoourplatform!

4



Investincryptoassetsinasimple, reliable and safe way!

Earntogetherwiththeleadingtradersof ourcommunitywithouttheneedoffunds transfer.Choose the manager ofyour account, create crypt portfolios or become an effective manager yourself andgetadditionalincome!

Unified marketplace for searching an investment object, giving users the opportunity to work with each other

Expert system that excludes the possibility of fraud

The authenticity of the Blockchain ratings

Trading platform, integrated with the largest exchanges

1.2TheauthenticityoftheBlockchainratings

The resultsofalltradersare recorded in the blockchain.Itmeansthatthey are reliableandcannotbefalsified.Choosingatraderaccordingtoopenratings,youmay besureabouttheresultsofmanagingyourassets. In the processoftraders'work,according to theirexecuted orders,the data on efficiencyoftheirworkisuploadedtotheblockchaininafollowingway: 1.A separateserverapplicationcollectsdatafrom theinternaldatabase,performs analysisofthegrowthofmoneysupplyinthebasecurrencyonaccounts,managed by each particular trader. 2.Dataontheirpublicidiscompressedintothecollectionobject. 3.Thisobjectissentasalinetotheblockchainbycallingowner-methodofthesmart contractoftheproject'sblockchain-node,connectedtothecommonnetwork. 4.Nodeacceptsdataand,bytheprincipleofthisblockchain,synchronizesthem with otherelementsofthenetwork. In addition,the smartcontractwillhave a publicmethod thatuploadsdata about trader's efficiency by his id forthe time (days)specified by the method entry. Blockchainisusedasapublicdataarchive.Forinternalneedstheplatform usesan internalsecuredataarchive. Thisprincipleoftheplatform fullyconfirmsthedecentralizationofInvestyplatform, incontrasttotheplatformsexistingontraditionalmarkets.Wecannotinfluencethe reliabilityofoursystem userresults.Allinformationisoriginalandpublic.

5



1.3Expertsystem ofInvesty



Alloperations pass through the Investy expert system, what excludes the possibility of fraud.



Operations



committed



maliciously are blocked by the



system,thefraudsterisdeprived



oftheopportunitytoworkviathe



platform,andinvestor'smoneyis



safe.



Investy expert system is a reliable guardian of your investments.



The Investy team isdeveloping itsown solution forthe expertsystem.Such a technicalsolution minimizesthe risksofinvestorsand deprivesfraudstersofthe ability ofstealing someone'smoney in one way oranother.Atthe firststage of development,thesystem willbebuiltwithuseofbasicmodelsandalgorithms.To test the effectiveness of certain models, algorithms will be classified and a comparativeanalysisoftheireffectivenesswillbecarriedoutwithatestset.Totest theeffectivenessofthemodel,thefollowingmachinelearningsolutionwillbeused: Amazon Web Services.Thiswillgive a high demonstration ofthe expertsystem reliability.Duetotheuseofmachinelearningtechnologiesandlargedatavolumes, thesystem willbecomemorereliable.Themoreoperationsthesystem processes, thehighertheefficiencyindexofthemodelis.Thus,asthenumberofplatform users increases,thereliabilityoftheexpertsystem willincreasetoo.Expertswereinvited to develop basicmodelsofprotection againstfraudulentoperations.Forthe test load,trader-testerswillbeinvolved.

Schemeofworkoftheexpertsystem



Block scam order



Data for analysis



AWS Machine Learning



ORDER



Investy expert system



ORDER



6



1.4MarketplaceInvesty

Allthe functionality ofthe platform cannotbe used withoutthe availability ofa marketplacefortradersand funds.On themarketplace,an investorcan selecta personoranorganizationthatwillberesponsibleformanagementofhisassets.For the convenience of choosing the right manager, the investor can specify the parameters by which the selection willbe made:profitability fordifferenttime periods,themaximum drawdownsizeofthedeposit,theamountinmanagement, etc.

Thus,an investorcan chooseoneorseveralmanagersofhisassetsand transfer accessto the transaction.Allcurrentinformation aboutthe resultsofwork in a constantmodeisavailableinthepersonalprofileofaninvestor.Besidestransferring fundstotrustmanagement,theplatform implementsthefunctionofcreatingitsown cryptoportfoliosand entering the publicones,whatisthe analogue oftransaction copying.Thepossibilityofindependenttradingonavarietyofexchangeswithone window isalso available.These and otheropportunitieswillallow investorsand traderstoimprovetheirworkefficiencyandincreaserevenue.

7



2.ThePurposeofTokenization

TokensprovideaccesstocertainservicesofInvestyPlatform. TheusageofIVCtokensinsidetheInvestyecosystem,allowstheplatform todevelop seamlessly,andparticipantsofTokenSalecanclearlyunderstandthegoalsforwhich they are purchasing IVC tokens. Participantscanrelyonthefactthattokensaretradedinthemarketsandtherefore maintain liquidity.

2.1FunctionsandbenefitsofIVCtokens

During the Token Sale a limited number ofInvesty Coins willbe issued.The Investmentplatform willalso be developed during Token sale.The Platform will receive net profit in the basic cryptoassets (BTC, ETH, LTC and other liquid cryptocurrencies). IVC will be distributed among participants and will be available on the cryptoexchangemarketsatmarketpricesofanasset.

1.ACCESS.Anytraderorfund using theplatform fortrusted managementis requiredtomaintain5% ofallmanagedinvestmentsinIVC onthewallet.For example,atraderorafundisplanningtotakeintotrust$1millionofassetsvia theInvestyplatform.Inthiscase,thetradermustdepositatleast$50,000inthe IVCwallet,whichrepresents5% oftheentiretrustedmanagementvalue; Thevalueofassetsinthetraders'sportfoliofluctuatesovertimeasthevalueof marketassetsalsofluctuates,accordingtothetransactionvolumeofincoming andoutgoingfundsfrom otherinvestors.Atthesametime,IVCtokensshallbe constantly presentatalltimes on the walletofany traderofthe platform, representingatleast5% ofthetraders'smanagedinvestmentsvaluation.This principleensuresthatalloperationalassetsoftheplatform canbeused.Incase thatIVC shareonawalletdropsbelow 5%,thetraderwillrejectinvestments untiltheIVCshareagainisequaltoits5% thresholdorexceedsit;

2.DISCOUNT.Thetokenholderswillreceivereducedcommissions,themoreIVC tokensare on the wallet,the lowerthe commission is.Imagine thatyou are investing$10,000inmanagement,andyoudoublethatamountforamonth.At thebaseplatform commissionof5%,aninvestorshallpay$500ofcommission. Butifyou have our tokens on your wallet,for example,for $ 5000,the commissionwillbe$250-300.Ifyounolongerwanttousetheplatform,youcan simplysellthetokens.

3.SUBSCRIPTION.Tokenswillbeusedassubscriptionstoplatform services,so, ifyouwanttousefunctionalityofademoaccountortradingrobottesting,just keep a certain numberoftokenson yourwallet.Afteryou no longerneed any platform services,youcanjustsellIVContheexchange. Thus,theIVCtokencombinestwofunctions:first,itisaproducttoken,because itwillbeusedasanadvancepaymentforsubscribingtotheplatform services afteritsrelease.Second,IVC isadiscounttoken,becausetheIVC holderswill receivediscountsandreducedcommissionsdependingonthenumberofIVCon theirdigitalwallets.

8



2.2Themodeladvantages

TheeconomicmodelofthetokenusedbyInvestyallowsensuringastablegrowthof thetokenvalueonthewholelifecycleofIVC.From theendofTokenSaleandlisting on stock exchanges to nextstage's ofplatform evolution.AfterToken Sale,a beta version ofthe Investy platform willbe available,which includesa wide range of services.Sinceatthisstagetheplatform willnotbeprofitable,thegrowthofthe token price willbe provided by demand foritamong those wishing to use the services of the platform. IVC token demand reflects the level of platform development,aswellasthedynamicsofthenumberactualecosystem tokenusers. IVC tokenmanipulationsarecomplex.Ontheonehand,managersandtradersare interestedinlowerIVCprice,whichallowsthem totakeadvantageoftheplatform's functionality at a lower price. One the other hand, undervaluation is counterproductive,becausealowervaluationlimitstheamountofassetsavailable formanagement.

9



3.InvestyTokenSale

Investy produces IVC tokens which willbe used as a prepaymentforsubscriptiononservicesoftheplatform, such as demo account, trading bots etc. after the platform'srelease.There are also discountsand lower commissions for IVC holders only according to the amountofIVContheirwallet. IVC tokencombinestwofeatures:firstly,itisanutility token which is used as a payment unit for services. Secondly, IVC is a discount token providing discounts for IVC holders.

TokenSalewillbedividedinnextstages:

1. Closedpre-sale Onthisstagewillbesold9millionIVC. Cap $306,000. 1 IVC price is $0.034

2. TokenSale 142 mln IVC willbe sold during Token Sale and also bonusIVCwillbegivendependingonthetimeintervalof participation in the Token Sale Hard cap $14,200,000 Costof1IVC= $0.1

3.1 Tokens allocation

75%

5% 5%

15%



Closed Pre-Sale $306,000

Token Sale $14,200,000

Pre-sale, Token Sale

Advisors and Experts BountyandCompetitions Team



10



3.2UseofProceeds



33,7% 38,3%



9,6% 8,6% 9,8%



BusinessDevelopment and Marketing

Platform Liquidity

Office and Other

LegalTeam and Expenses

ITTeam and Infrastructure



3.3 Bonuses



BonusIVCwillbegivendependingonthetimeintervalofparticipationintheToken Sale

Additionalbonusof5% forregisteredintheWhiteList



1-2 days

66%



3-6 days

44%



7-12 days

22%



13-19days 20-25days



11%



No bonus



11



4.TargetUsers



Coverage ofissue ofthe blockchain technology from the mass media is being expanded over the last years.This attracts people who are far from blockchain technology. Confusion of the understanding investment instruments and multiplicationofinvestedcapitalalienatesinterestedpeopleandcomplicatespublic acknowledgementofinvestingincryptoeconomy.



Atthe firstplatform launching stage the



main targetusergroup willbe people



from the cryptocommunity.Itis to be



assumed thatitwillbe cryptoholdersof



commoncryptocurrencyandprofessional



cryptotraders. Their investing and



trading via the platform willfillinternal



ratingswithnecessarydata,makingthe



platform moreattractivefornew users,



previously



non-familiar



with



cryptoinvestments, and will mitigate



theirenteringthemarket.



In perspective Investy is focused on attraction ofnon-qualified members of themarkettothecryptoeconomyworld. Such users'dynamic growth is to be awaiting at the moment when the platform worksandgeneratesincomefor investorsandtraders.Suchsynergywill help people to increase their cryptoassets within the given levelof risk,and successfultraderswillbeable to enhance their revenue. Investing funds can increase income and attract new clients.



12



Process of the "investor-trader" trust management:

1. An investor chooses trader for trust management. A trader publishes and fixates terms of trust management for all his investors. The terms include following indications:

 N  amount of keys for trust management;  AT  the greatest ratio of income for deposit of remuneration (number

from 1 to 10);  T  minimal period of trust management;  PT  proportion of remuneration to trader from income (number from

0 to 1);

2. An investor buys basic cryptocurrency (by default BTC) via third-party services and transfers it on his account on exchange where a trader chosen by the investor will execute trading.

3. An investor enables possibility of trading on his account via API and forms N keys for remote trading.

4. An investor fills out trust management application with a trader, pointing the sum of trust management S, term T1, N API-keys.

5. An investor replenishes his account with basic currency of trading on the Investy platform on sum  remuneration to a trader, if such sum is not enough on the wallet. An amount of remuneration is calculated as  = S*P*A + S*PT*AT, where A and P are coefficients of income and remuneration of the platform.

6. By sending the application form and validation form smart-contract is being formed on trust management in close blockchain network Investy in status "Request for opening" with deposit of  sum on investor's wallet.

7. Accept of smart contract is expecting from a trader. By his approval smart contract is being proceeded to "Open" status in his personal account.

8. Trader conducts trading via platform's web interface or other convenient method. During the opening of order on his account, proper orders in proportions are being formed on the accounts of trust management. Order is considered as closed when all proper orders from accounts of trust managements are closed.

9. In case of request from an investor for preschedule cease of trust management, new orders on buying of altcoins are not being open and also orders for sale of altcoins are being formed at the current rate if it is above of the rate of its purchase. If the current rate is lower, then order for sale is being formed by the price allowing coming out to zero. If by the end of the term there are unsold altcoins, they are selling by the current rate of exchange and only coins in basic current remain on account.

10. At the end of trust management (prescheduled or by the term), the report on the trust management is being formed. This report includes information about profit of trust management. After that, smart contract is being closed.

13



Possible results:  Income: calculation of sum to trader's remuneration is conducted

and this sum is transferred by deposit sum C from investor's wallet to trader's and also commission of the platform is charged, the remaining deposition shuts down.  Damage or zero result: remuneration is not paid to a trader, commission of the platform is not charged and deposition shuts down. 11. Information from trust management report is included in the system of trader's rating. 12. Trust management report is sent in notification to an investor or a trader.

14



Trust management process "investor  trader" by hot method: 1. An investor transfers his money to the Investy platform. 2. Similarly to cold management, an investor chooses a trader. 3. All other activities are performed by the Investy platform, freeing user from additional time consuming.

15



Every scheme of collaboration with fund is unique. It depends on processes of receiving and issuance of invested cryptocurrency from each individual fund and agreement between founders of the platform and representatives of the fund. Present scheme determines amount and method of charge commissions by the platform and funds during trust management.

Transfer process of cryptocurrency from an investor to fund via Investy platform:

1. An investor chooses a fund for trust management.

2. An Investor buys cryptocurrency, in which a fund receives investments, and replenishes his account on the platform in needed amount.

3. An investor sends investment application to a fund, sum of investment is deposited on investor's account.

4. Every defined period of time the system checks if there is sufficient sum of investments for transferring to a fund. In case if there is enough, the sole blockchain transfer to the fund is formed. Document in the form established by the platform and the fund with investor's data are being formed additionally and sent to the fund by e-mail.

5. By investor's initiative on cease of the trust management, the proper request is sent to a fund.

6. Upon the accumulation of the minimum required sum for the transfer from the fund to the platform, an appropriate transfer with attached documentation is formed.

7. Fund sends the above mentioned transfer and documents to the platform excluding remuneration for trust management.

8. After receiving of the transfer, the platform conducts calculating of investors' profit excluding commission, replenishes relevant accounts of investors and notifies them.

16



There is the possibility of creating cryptoportfolios and investing in existing public cryptoportfolios. Cryptoportfolio is an analog of security portfolios for cryptocurrencies and tokens. The economic essence of a cryptortfolio is giving to its cryptocurrencies and tokens such market characteristics that are unattainable from the position of an individual security, and are possible only with their special combination. The main objectives of the investment portfolio are to ensure a stable predetermined level of income and minimize the risk or keep it at a given level. While forming a new cryptoportfolio a user sets the following input data:

 A  start portfolio budget in basic currency;  Ci  portfolio cryptocurrency;  Si  the percentage of Ci cryptocurrency at portfolio;  API API stock exchange keys pair to buy cryptocurrency for portfolio;  Li  the greatest price of Ci cryptocurrency purchase for portfolio

(optional parameter). In case of empty Li parameter for all cryptocurrencies the portfolio is formed in short time: the platform calculates all necessary data and forms buy-order exchange requests for portfolio cryptotokens with actual rates. When all orders are complete the portfolio status will become "Formed". A portfolio creator is a portfolio manager. A manager has rights of changing all portfolio content. Cryptoportfolio can be public or private. Portfolio key data is its content and each cryptocurrency percentage inside it. Public portfolios are rated in the same way as traders, by their indexes and other analytical values. Every platform's user can follow public cryptoportfolio and buy same percentage of cryptotokens with his budget. In fact, there is trading functionality for long-term investments. By following a cryptoportfolio user buys cryptotokens on a stock exchange with the same percentage as a portfolio manager. In case of changing tokens percentages by a manager all following portfolio users get these changes. User can exit a portfolio by request. In this case platform creates sell-orders for all his portfolio cryptotokens for basic cryptocurrency. When all these orders are complete, using of the cryptoportfolio is stopped.

17



The platform contains functionality of demo trading. For trading in demo mode a user does not have to register on a stock exchange and transfer some basic cryptocurrency to his accounts. After registration user receives fixed number of BTC as basic currency to his demo account and trading terminal access. The platform receives data about rates and forms the environment for trading on demo account. This functionality is oriented on new amateur cryptotraders. There is the opportunity to make orders and make deals with the current rates at real time mode without risks of real cryptocurrency loss. It will help to adapt and start a complicated road of trading with already generated trading skills. Besides new members, this functionality will be attractive for cryptotrading sharks as well. Here they can test, improve their strategies without putting their assets at risk and without mixing in one interface trading in accordance with reliable algorithms and development of new and potentially risky strategies.

18



Demo account on the platform gives opportunities for non-risk trading bot testing via public API. Nowadays the trading bots ratio on cryptoexchanges is insignificant but this is only temporary. Like on the traditional exchange market and Forex, bots will occupy major ratio of cryptotraders or even vast majority in nearest years. Today trading bots already exist for cryptotrading programmed in Python, NodeJS and in other script programming languages, provided to traders for commercial subscription as well as open source solutions. In most cases a trader himself is an analytic, developer and tester as well as target business user of bot as a software product. The lack of tools for testing of effectiveness of particular trading strategy algorithms forces a trader to pass the phase QA straight to production, i.e. giving the right to untested source to manage the real money! Moreover, for proper testing it is necessary to launch a strategy for a long period of time, what will significantly increase risks of losses because of mistakes and defects of bot's open source. Problem solution is a demo account of Investy platform. Since demo mode of trading has open API, a user can connect his trading bot to it and check the quality of strategy algorithm work. For particular subscription it is possible to test a bot based on historical data, which the platform collects and stores, what will give info to an investor on how effective a bot would be in real trading conditions in various periods of time and thus give an opportunity to predict the results of its use under the conditions of pumps and dumps, sharp rises, long market declines etc. Nowadays there is no analogue of such tools on cryptocurrency market apart from traditional finance market, where such services are in demand, e.g. among the giants of world trading, for example, Deutsche Bank. Demand for this functionality in cryptomarket already exists and its growth provided by increase of the number of bots in cryptoassets trading for many years to come.

19



When the platform will be more popular among traders and we will have trader's When the platform will be more popular among traders and we will have traders' data and ratings, we will form Investy Index. This index will correlate with trading success of the 100 best platform traders. Investy index is not a traded financial instrument on public exchanges.

The calculation scheme of the Index:

1. At the Investy Index launching the starting price is announced.

2. Every fixed period of time the Index price increases in accordance with the number of income of 100 most profitable traders for the period, thus the price of 1 Investy Index unit will grow proportionally to the income received by Investy platform traders.

So the Index is provided by a stable growth at positive trading results of the best platform traders.

Every platform's user can buy some Index tokens at current price and keep them on his account without withdraw from the platform or sell them to a third party. Buying Index tokens is conducted by withdrawing of fixed number of basic tokens from the user's account.

At any time the Index holder can sell tokens to the platform at its current price. The platform charges fixed fee percentage from transaction amount.

For example: during the Index launch period its price is 1 BTC. Investy traders will show the general average income of 300% for 12 months period. Thus, the Investy Index price after these 12 months will be 1 BTC + 3 * 1 BTC = 4 BTC.

At any time Index holder can make a reverse exchange of Index for basic currency (BTC).

Technical Index implementation: while purchasing 1 Investy Index unit a user passes funds equal to its current price to the platform, for example 1 BTC. The platform distributes this amount of cryptocurrency and sends it in cold trust management to the 100 best platform traders. Top 100 rating is regularly updated and in case if a trader has been read out of Top 100, the trust management will be closed and a new trust management will be open for a new trader who will occupy this rating position. Thus Investy Index contains trading results of the current Top 100 best platform traders.

20



ThenwehavecomparedthefunctionsofInvestywithfunctionsofotherplatforms, which offerinvestmenttoolsto thecryptocommunity.Theapproach developed by Investy'splatform willprovideitsusersandinvestorswiththebestbenefits.

Trading Platform Integration with stock exchanges Analysisofmarketdata Platform Index Crypto portfolios creating Demoaccount SocialFunctionality Decentralized investment Reserve for repurchase tokens

21



7.AdvantagesForUsers

ADVANTAGES FOR INVESTORS

Alwaysundercontrolgivetheaccessto yourassetmanagementanddonotworry about the safety of your funds The accuracy ofthe data - receive and analyze the confirmed information about the results ofwork oftraders,funds or efficiencyofotherinvestmentinstruments Analyze and select the best investment destinations for ratings and profitability indicators Controltheeffectivenessofinvestmentsin realtime Return the investments by the first request

ADVANTAGES FOR TRADERS

Increaseyourincomebyraisingfundsfor trustmanagement Gain a reputation as a reliable and profitable trader, the recording of information into the blockchain ensures the authencity of the data Tradeonallplatformsfrom onewindow Use analyticsand trading platform robots toimproveyourresults Testtrading strategiesin the demo-mode of trading Connectyourtrading robots through the API

22



There is no need to transfer your money/assets, they are always on your account, you transfer only access to the transaction, and the rest is assumed by the platform. We are the first ones to develop and implement an expert system, the platform assumes the role of a gateway and blocks all fraudulent transactions. Investing via Investy you can be sure not only that your money will not be withdrawn, but also in the absence of fraud options from trader's side. No one can lose your deposit. It is maximum safety in this sphere that you can imagine at the moment. Thus, we solve the problem of distrust to such services and markets, which will positively affect both professionals in financial management and people who want to invest their money competently. Unlike Forex brokers, etc., we do not make money on the losses of our customers, but rather work according to a win-win system. A trader gets profit - an investor gets profit - the platform gets profit.

Exchanges API-keys are transferred from an investor to the platform by secure TLSprotocol. The platform does not store them in an open form, but encrypts the server key with asynchronous encryption algorithms, and stores separately private and public API keys. Also private and public API -keys are stored at physical different storages. Decrypting keys are located at the third system, thus even intruder would hack all data storages, and he could get only meaningless data without any opportunity to use it to steal any money. Users' personal data is stored in another closed accounting system. That does not allow matching any data from platform repository with real people. In trust management process a trader does not receive investor's exchange API-keys, only internal platform keys, which allow performing any operations with investor's exchange account only via Investy platform.

23



NOW



September2017



Closed presale Conducting a closed presale



Launching of prototype Webinterface,registration,

Poloniex integration



October2017



November-December2017



ThecompetitionandTokenSale

Portfoliocreating,Demoportfolio following



2018



Trading Beta

Tradingterminal,cryptofund integration, public portfolios



February 2018



May 2018



Release 1.0 Decentralized trusted managementonrealassets



Expertsystem,InvestyIndex

The launch of Investy Index, a fiat moneygatewayforinvestors



August 2018



24



Target platform vision contains several possible functional elements:  Internal orders matching for internal orders. In order to reduce the operating fees it is possible to develop own stock exchange and to stop the exchanges integration. This development is time-consuming, but it will be relevant during the creating of an extensive and stable community of traders of the platform. The implementation of the internal exchange will increase the attractiveness of the platform for traders by reducing the amount of their costs, the major part of which is exchange order fee.  Integration with legitimate service for purchasing basic cryptocurrency with Fiat money for users from those countries where such operations are legitimate. At the moment, in some countries there are banks that offer people to buy and sell the cryptocurrency with Fiat money legally, but online services with the same functions are still in its inception, and their legal regulation is still unclear. However, it is clear that this issue will be resolved in the near future, and then it will be much easier and more convenient for investors to buy cryptocurrency by paying with their banking cards. The legalization of such services will significantly increase the capitalization of cryptomarket and the number of its participants. The functionality integration of buying/selling cryptocurrency via legal services will make the platform more attractive as a single point of entry to cryptoinvestments and cryptotrading.  Investment and trading platform as a social network. By the growing in the number of platform's users we will have opportunities to add elements of social networking: blogging, communities, subject channels/publics, advertising, messaging etc. These functional elements will attract new users, increase their loyalty and open new horizons for the platform development.

25



Aleksei Pershin  CEO Experienced manager and businessman. Aleksei has founded and expanded several successful projects in different areas: food production factory, computer graphics agency, mobile and web applications development studio.

Artem Golovachev  CTO

The tech lead of design of web applications for commercial banks of the Russian Federation, financial organizations and investment funds. He developed a trade automation system on the stock markets for Deutsche bank He has got more than 5 years of development experience in scoring systems for clients, such as Renaissance Credit, Home Credit Bank. Also Artem worked in Luxoft as a lead developer.

Pavel Zdorovtsev  CBDO

Candidate of Physical and Mathematical Sciences, Director of Student Potential Development Director at the Higher School of Economics, former Vice-Rector for International Relations at the Research Institute of the Moscow Aviation Institute, Deputy Director of the International Cooperation Department of the Moscow Engineering Physics Institute. He participated in the creation of a joint investment fund VEB and Inventis (one of the biggest private funds of the DPRK).

Alexander Vedernikov  Enterprise Architect

Alexander is an nterprise architect of industrial software solutions for the business of the financial sector. He participated in the development of architectural solutions for: AMD, Harman, Elasticpath.

Elizaveta Melnikova  Lawyer

Currently works as a Lawyer for GMT Legal. She has worked for VTB Leasing as Litigation Legal Counsel and for Swatch Group as Disputes Resolution Lawyer.

Responsibilities in Investy:

- Choice of jurisdiction; assistance in registration of company; - Terms & Conditions drafting; - Legal expertise of White Paper; - Howey test on the nature of token; - Privacy Policy drafting; - Legal advice on issues with respect to Token Sale conducting, soft

development; - Drafting and legal expertise of contracts.

26



Stanislav Losev  System Analytic, QA Analysis and quality control of data management systems and financial management. Kirill Repkin  Tech Lead Full stack developer, enterprise architect for financial services software solutions, also Kirill has got great experience in BPM development for one of the biggest European bank. He is one of the most upscale front-end developers in Russia. Participated at development of solutions for Luxoft's clients. Artem Moiseenko  Front-End Developer Full stack developer, Artem has a lot of experience in development and support of software solutions for Forex-trading and commercial banks, trading system development, participated in development of technical solutions for biggest forex brokers on Asian area of Russia. Alexander Trubnikov Web Developer Website and web application developer for all types of businesses, promotion, support and development solutions to e-commerce. Implemented and led projects for the Russian government and administrations of regions in Central Federal district. Anton Makunin System Administrator Support of enterprise front office applications, work with web and application servers, UNIX administration.

27



