Jincor

Whitepaper



Vlad Kirichenko

CEO & Co-Founder

business@jincor.com



Vagan Abelyan

COO & Co-Founder

business@jincor.com



Andrey Degtyaruk

CTO & Blockchain Expert

tech@jincor.com



Version 1.9 -- November 21, 2017



Summary

1. Introduction 1.1. What is Jincor 1.2. Context 1.3. Problems and solutions

2. Market 2.1. Market overview 2.2. Why now? 2.3. Competition 2.4. Business model

3. Current Status

4. Product 4.1. Overall structure 4.2. Companies and participants 4.3. Decentralized applications 4.4. Product roadmap

5. ICO 5.1. JCR token 5.2. ICO structure 5.3. Post ICO roadmap 5.4. JCR tokens value

6. Team

7. Legal structure

8. Conclusions

9. Project risks



1. Introduction

1.1. What is Jincor

Jincor is a wholesome, secure, compliant and breezy to use platform based on Jincor Private Blockchain, that will allow any business to work with smart contracts and cryptocurrency payments easily with no legal, technical or operational complications and in a cost-efficient manner.

It will let companies use all the benefits of blockchain-based technologies without having to develop and implement them on their own. With Jincor, managers and employees will be able to execute cryptocurrency transactions in various Blockchain's in a fully transparent way and meeting all the compliance requirements, as well as to carry out any corporate relations by creating smart contracts, which will be written to a private blockchain based on Hyperledger technologies.

Overall, our goal is to build a private blockchain and the platform that will make it possible even for smart enough (tech-savvy, heavy iPad user) 5-year-old kid to register in Jincor ecosystem, initiate the smart contract and pay to a supplier. And that's all in a very userfriendly, compliant and legal way. In our opinion, this will lead to a complete changeover in the corporate interactions model, which will eliminate injustice, flaws on business commitments human mistakes factor and make businesses (including small) from all around the world much closer to blockchain technologies and vice versa.

1.2. Context

Each organization has its own needs, which correspond to its business area and corporate structure, therefore, our solution deals with a few of the most common ones which are vital to every company.

How to know if smart contracts are applicable for a specific business?

If business owner wants to save thousands of dollars a year and get rid of many troubles related to unscrupulous business partners and human factor mistakes, the answer is certainly yes. Blockchain and smart contracts are now taking off their halo of meaningless jargon words and getting, at last, some real-world value. And that is true not only for IT giants like IBM or Microsoft but for every small-scale company. Here is a list of smart contracts applications, which will make your business far more effective.

Smart contracts, which are, actually, a self-executing code on blockchain that automatically implements the terms of an agreement between parties, can be used every time when there is a clear cause-consequence logic. Imagine this: you want to order some goods from a new business partner, but there is always a trap of mistrust  you don't want to pay until getting your goods, and your partner doesn't want to ship it until getting prepayment. What if it's a cheat? With smart contracts, it's possible to sign an automatically performed and unbreakable agreement with certain predefined terms: as soon as you receive the delivery, your counterparty gets the funds. As simple as that. No more fraud, massive amounts of paperwork, and also intermediaries like banks, lawyers, brokers, and notaries, which are usually associated with significant costs.

2



Smart contracts and crypto wallets in blockchain enable direct payments between companies and individuals, with no middlemen involved (including Jincor). In terms of revenues, it can save your business up to between $2700 and 3300 in annual bank account fees.

Another issue, which is even more costly and time-consuming for business than contracts drafting and payments to other companies, is international trade and settlements. According to McKinsey report, published in the beginning of 2017, cross-border B2B payments on blockchain could save businesses about $50-60 billion by 2021 by speeding up of delivery: while regular international payments usually take between 3 days and 2 weeks, depending on scope, smart contracts enable real-time settlements, which would reduce liquidity and operational costs.

1.3. Problems and solutions

While industry leaders are already aware of the benefits, which crypto and smart contracts may bring to their businesses (full transparency, saving costs and time, raising trust in a business environment etc.), there are still some barriers which suppress its spread.

Problem #1 Legal vacuum in the sphere of cryptocurrencies and smart contracts, which appears to be a huge obstacle for most companies to implementing blockchain into their workflow.

How Jincor will address this issue?

Hardly ever companies can go without legal support when signing contracts with business partners. Similarly, to how CRM/ERP systems or banks provide legal support services to their clients, Jincor will be consulting and supporting its users on the legal issues related to the corporate usage of cryptocurrencies, smart contracts and other platform features in the form of detailed instructions and explanations developed by our legal department in cooperation with external partners across the globe.

Problem #2 Most small and medium businesses are unable to implement smart contracts due to their expensiveness and technological complexity.

How Jincor will address this issue?

Jincor will provide corporate smart contracts templates, which will cut the cost of their implementation from today's approximate of $5,000-7,000 (just have a look at blockchain developers' salaries and take into consideration that coding and proper security testing of a smart contract require many working hours of a qualified professional) to roughly $100-500 per contract by removing the need to program them and make smart contracts creation genuinely easy even for users with no technical skills.

Problem #3 Lack of regulatory and business compliance of cryptocurrency transactions and smart contracts is a major barrier to their mainstream adoption. The identity of people and organizations participating in a deal cannot always be confirmed.

How Jincor will address this issue?

Businesses using Jincor are required to go through a strict verification process - therefore every person and/or company registered in the system connects their digital ID to a real-world entity ensuring that all the interactions between users on the platform meet regulatory and corporate compliance policies.

3



2. Market

2.1. Market overview

As it was stated in the Harvard Business Review, blockchain technology has the potential to become the backbone for recording all transactions and will create new economic value by dramatically lowering the cost of transactions.

According to a recent Accenture research, published at the beginning of 2017, investment banks alone could save up to $12 billion per year by adopting blockchain and smart contracts.

Gartner estimates that by 2022, ratified unbundled (that is, defined impact) smart contracts will be in use by more than 25% of global organizations.

Tractica forecasts that annual revenue for enterprise applications of blockchain will increase from roughly $2.5 billion worldwide in 2016 to $19.9 billion in 2025, representing a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 26.2%.

A recent Cambridge University study estimates between 2.9 million and 5.8 million people now use cryptocurrency wallets worldwide in 2017. And there are also more than 100,000 companies, including giants like Microsoft, Paypal, DISH Network, Intuit, and Overstock, who trust bitcoin enough to accept it as a means of payment.

Taking into consideration that there are more than 250 mln companies around the world and many of them recognize the need of digital transformation, we estimate that the target market volume of Jincor in this days is amount to $3 bln.

Blockchain, smart contracts, and cryptocurrencies - is the most obvious way of businesses evolution. At the spot where all those three trends had met Jincor's concept came to life.

Our target client is small and medium business, aimed primarily at international activities.

2.2. Why now?

When Tewit Boriboonchaisiri's grandfather opened a small noodle shop in Bangkok's Chinatown over 80 years ago, he most likely never even imagined that his grandson, who is the third-generation owner of the noodle shop, would one day serve customers noodles in exchange for money that depends on electricity.

Pick n Pay, South Africa's second-largest chain of supermarkets, is currently testing how the customers would react to the possibility of paying for their groceries with the cryptocurrency. "Pick n Pay is also present in other countries, including Zimbabwe, Lesotho, Namibia, Mozambique, and Zambia--if all of its stores started accepting bitcoin, it would be one of the cryptocurrency's largest wins in Africa," reports CryptoCoinsNews.

With more and more companies and even countries embracing cryptocurrencies which are also laying the ground for even more game-changing thing -- blockchain based smart contracts, a program codes that automatically perform some actions when predefined conditions occur. Blockchain, smart contracts, and cryptocurrencies are the most obvious ways of businesses evolution. At the spot where all those three trends had met Jincor's concept came to life.

4



2.3. Competition

While smart contracts and cryptocurrencies are spreading vastly there are many products appear that supposed to speed up this process. There are solutions which are trying to solve one problem or another, like Monetha that is trying to bring easy cryptopayments to retailers of all sizes, or BlockCat that is trying to simplify smart contracts or Aragon, that is building digital jurisdiction. While existing solutions offer to solve just one problem at the time, Jincor is a wholesome, secure, compliant and breezy to use product, that will include smart contracts constructor, 1 click cryptocurrency payments integration, and even digital jurisdiction to work out the right judgments on unclear matters.

2.4. Business model

There will be a charge-free functionality of the platform that is needed to ease the entry barriers and let the organizations appraise the usability and benefits of Jincor ecosystem. It will include company registration, creating data about company's employees and assigning the roles and, of course, using intra-corporate and inter-corporate highly secure messenger that will allow to find the right person to reach out in a company and make sure that the proposal will be received. Much more features will be delivered on a paid basis, such as:

 Digital verification of companies (which is needed for any crypto transaction to make business operations fully compliant with major regulators requirements);

 Setting up verified enterprise and individual cryptocurrency accounts in various Blockchain's;

 Getting access to a range of financial instruments, such as bills of credit, calls, overdrafts, factoring and etc. (integrated third party solutions, not Jincor);

 Enterprise digital signatures (integrated third party solutions, not Jincor);  Using a construction set for creating and execution of corporate smart contracts (based

on labor, property, contractual and other relations);  Appealing to a decentralized arbitration system for litigation within the digital

jurisdiction;  Or purchasing more apps available at the Marketplace for Enterprise App Integrations

within the platform. The only means of payment for Jincor's services will be JCR tokens. More about JCR tokens read at Paragraph 5.1. below. Prices for Jincor services will be expressed in JCR tokens and calculated dynamically based on current token conversion rates on top exchange at the time of transaction between customer and Jincor so that users will be charged with a fixed fiat value that is unaffected by JCR price fluctuations.

5



3. Current status

Jincor team has been developing the platform since May 2016, and currently it is undergoing closed beta testing with over 30 small and medium-sized businesses participating (one of which has more than 250 employees) across different industries, such as manufacturing, trading, financial services and others. More than 300 companies from all over the world have requested access to Jincor beta testing, which is scheduled to begin in November 2017. Since the platform provides tools for cross-company interaction, Jincor plans to target mediumsized international companies for initial testing in order to create a necessary network effect by attracting their partners.

Figure 1. Current project timeline

Currently, Jincor has the following features: company registration, sending invitations to employees, defining their functional roles within the organization, corporate messaging in direct chats or end-to-end encrypted public and private channels, editing of company's public profile and establishing new business contacts with our built-in search by location and industry. So far the core and the very user-friendly interface have been developed, we are working toward implementing further essential functions: the plan is to allow our open beta testers to use the constructor of basic smart contracts. The public beta of the platform is slated for November 2017. Access can be requested at https://jincor.com After the public release of Jincor and running an ICO campaign we will shift to extending the functionality of the platform. The full feature set of Jincor will include corporate cryptocurrency accounts with multi signatures, smart contract templates, which will make it possible for companies to transfer all the legal and contractual relationships into a trustworthy blockchain environment. And a decentralized arbitration system, which will allow settling disputes arising with the execution of smart contracts within the digital jurisdiction. Jincor will make the greatest possible efforts to create a decentralized digital jurisdiction, but this functionality will be accessible only to the extent that it fully complies with legal and regulatory policies in a given country. Post-ICO roadmap you can read at Paragraph 4.4. Product roadmap, and 5.3. Post ICO Roadmap.

6



4. Product

4.1. Overall structure

Jincor ecosystem is a combination of decentralized (dApp) and classic web applications that let anyone create organizations and manage them on private blockchain based on Hyperledger technologies without any technical insight. Jincor plan to provide all the functionality that one might need while doing business, including instruments for effective management companies and employees, bills in cryptocurrency, crypto payments, and smart-contracts templates. On top of that, third-party corporate applications can be connected to the Jincor ecosystem in "single-screen mode". More info about technical details you can find in our Technical Paper. Thus, here we will try to extremely simple describe the mechanisms of work our applications and modules.

4.2. Companies and participants

Companies module is a web microservice, which includes the profiles of organizations, their departments and the lists of participants. In Jincor ecosystem this module allows to manage the company, create suborganizations, send invitations to employees and define their functional roles within the organization. The public profiles of companies are used to process search queries of Jincor users (we apply elastic search to get more accurate search results). Each organization at Jincor gets a unique digital ID, URL, public profile, list of participants and, optionally, one or more cryptocurrency accounts. The Companies module has an intuitive and user-friendly interface (fig. 2), so that any web user will be on firm ground when using it.

Figure 2. Jincor search

7



The public profile (fig.3) is a kind of digital business card, which allows any person or organization seeking for cooperation with the company to contact it with a single-click ease. It provides basic information, such as trading name, type of business (private/public company, non-profit organization, public authority or other), headquarters location, industry, brief summary, website, contacts and social media links.

Figure 3. A public profile of organization in Jincor

Participants, along with organizations, are able to have individual cryptocurrency accounts, that can be used for delivering payments, getting wages, dividends or other financial gains. Regular transactions based on a set of well-defined elements, such as a dividends distribution policy, labor contracts, loan agreements and etc., can be easily organized on Jincor with the use of smart-contracts, which allow to eliminate the human mistake factor and build the utmost transparent and fair relationships between employers, employees and other participants of Jincor ecosystem. More info at the paragraph 4.3. Decentralized Apps. Currently, not all jurisdictions allow paying wages and dividends in crypto-currencies, but Jincor will make every reasonable effort to ensure the legality of paying dividends and salaries in crypto-currencies. For this purpose, Jincor intends to maintain a registry of jurisdictions that authorize such crypto-currency payments and warn its customers about the validity of these transactions. Participants of organization have individual sets of rights and responsibilities, which are reflected in Jincor ecosystem through their functional roles. By default, each employee gets a basic functional profile, but it can be extended to administrator or other specific role at any time, depending on current work arrangements with the company's management team.

8



If needed, employees can be divided into departments, which will be represented in Jincor ecosystem in the form of small-scale suborganizations. This possibility makes Jincor an ideal tool option for companies with complex corporate structure, consisting of multiple branches and departments. However, we recommend to keep the company's structure on Jincor as simple as possible.

4.3. Decentralized Apps

Smart Contracts. Currently, most global market's participants are conscious of the advantages of smart contracts. Transaction cost savings, global horizons for any small-scale business, absolute trust between parties--all these benefits make companies look more closely at the possibilities for implementation of smart contracts in their workflow, just in the way it has already happened to cryptocurrencies.

However, one of the main hurdles to the mass adoption of smart contracts is high barriers to entry. Programming of smart contracts is a considerable expense for a company and requires the so-called codelawyers with a very rare set of skills to serve on the staff.

Jincor's mission is to let companies create smart contracts without any technological or juridical insight. We develop a smart contracts construction set based on our own blockchain, which will allow any web user to create a smart contract and write it to the blockchain; automatic performance of its issues will start immediately after that. In the end, the whole process will be no harder for users than making purchases online.

Moreover, Jincor provides proper environment for complete implementation of smart contracts, which includes blockchain ecosystem, digital verification mechanisms, esignatures delivered through local third party solutions in various jurisdictions and also a decentralized arbitration system, which allows to settle arising disputes in the most reasonable and unbiased way (an article about it is coming soon). To create smart contracts at the platform the companies will need JCR tokens in hand, or they can also create a request to Jincor to purchase a desired amount of tokens.

Jincor warns that in many jurisdictions, smart contracts do not have full legal force and require a traditional paper copy of the contract. Jincor will make every reasonable effort to ensure the full implementation of contracts concluded on the platform. For this purpose, Jincor intends to maintain a registry of jurisdictions in which smart contracts have a full legal force of the traditional contracts and to inform Jincor's customers about this registry. But at the same time, Jincor can not guarantee that all contracts concluded on the platform will have judicial protection in all jurisdictions.

How it works: The contract takes force as soon as both parties sign it with e-signatures and requires specific elements in order to be executed automatically. For instance, a first-order requirement is the presence of cryptocurrency accounts of those involved. In other words, the executable code should have unhindered access to the smart contracts objects. Besides that, all of the smart contract conditions should be described mathematically and have a clear execution logic, and this is the reason why the first smart contracts in Jincor will be based on the simplest corporate relations, which involve just a few elements. Given that the code has the full access to the objects of an agreement, its execution and compliance will be handled automatically with account for the fulfillment of the smart contract conditions. To sum up, smart contracts automate contractual business relations and provide their total performance.

9



Figure 5. Smart contract constructor. Step 1

Figure 4. Smart contract constructor. Step 2

10



Figure 6. Smart contract constructor. Step 3

Figure 7. Contracts interface

11



First of all (Q4 2018), Jincor team will create smart contracts for the following applications:

 Employment Agreement;  Supply Contract;  Service Agreement;  Purchase & Sale Agreement;  Lease;  Insurance Agreement;  Sponsorship Agreement;  Franchise Agreement;  Option Agreement

Although smart contracts are executed in decentralized environment eliminating the human factor, it is important to realize that there are many cases which may require external interference, no matter how explicit the smart contacts are. For this reason we have developed a decentralized arbitration system aimed at settling disputes arising with the smart contracts execution.

Arbitrage. In case when the execution logic of a contract is not defined clearly enough, the parties to the agreement may be drown to a dispute. This is particularly so with the cases related to the real-world actions and goods. Offline, there are clear regulatory mechanisms for such issues: should the parties have any disputes related to the contract performance, they can always take legal action. The similar patterns should be implemented within the digital jurisdiction, too. For that very reason we created Jincor Arbitrage, which help settling disputes related to the execution of smart contracts. Jincor arbitration system let the participants of ecosystem resolve arising disputes right there, within the platform. There are three arbitration levels in Jincor: the first requires participation of three arbitrators (i.e., organizations who take the final decision), the second requires nine trusted participants, and the third level involves twenty-seven organizations aside from the parties to dispute. In order to preclude the possibility of bias and corruption element Jincor arbitration system keep the personalities of parties to the case (and the companies to which they belong) in the dark, so that the arbitrators considered just the facts of the matter. In compliance with the foundations of decentralized society the arbitrators are chosen with the use of mathematical algorithms, which analyze their digital reputation, competence domain and practical experience in the given jurisdiction and economy sector. With the view to motivate organizations and experts to attend the legal proceedings, Jincor arbitration system provides remuneration for arbitrators, which is paid by non-prevailing party on completing the process. Within the digital jurisdiction of Jincor smart contracts will be available only to verified users. In common with real world, tainted reputation in the cyberspace will close any available space for irresponsible actors and hinder their further development.

Cryptocurrency wallets is a decentralized module which enables creating of enterprise and individual cryptocurrency wallets in various Blockchain directly. Alongside cryptocurrency transactions these wallets open the door to a wide range of financial instruments used in business, such as bills of credits, overdrafts, insurance of payments and etc. Companies are

12



able to create multiple cryptocurrency wallets for one account (enterprise or individual), which makes it even easier to organize bills and maintain book-keeping.

For further security it is also possible to create multisig wallets, which require approval from a number of people responsible for the wallet to get transaction processed.

Along with basic payment options Jincor cryptocurrency wallets also provide a full range of financial instruments, which one might need while doing business.

E-signature is a decentralized application (dApp), which is embedded in Jincor Messenger interface and allows to securely store, send and sign with digital signatures all kinds of electronic documents (Jincor ecosystem supports several authorized providers of digital signatures) and smart-contracts. All working papers, which are loaded into Jincor Messenger and signed with e-signatures, are written to the blockchain in order to guarantee their authenticity and save revision history. This application, as well as digital signatures, can also be used for signing contracts between the shareholders, employees and other parties.

Despite the fact that Jincor will make the greatest possible efforts to provide all services access in time, Jincor not guarantee that timelines described in this Whitepaper would be applicable as real timelines, cause the part of functionality described will be represented by third party solutions with all required licenses.

4.4. Product roadmap

After the crowdsale, Jincor will continue to develop the platform. By the way, we will in any case realize our functionality, and bring Jincor to the market. The amount of funds raised during pre-ICO and ICO will only determine how quickly we will be able to develop all the features announced.

So, as it is shown in figure 4, if the total amount of funds is $2.5 mln, then, by the end of the first quarter of next year we will be able to add to the existing platform opportunities (registration of companies, sending invitations to employees, defining their functional roles, corporate messenger and search) for integration with third-party applications, which will allow us by small resources to cover several areas of our activity, such as cryptocurrency transactions and company verifications, as long as we develop our solutions.

Provided that during pre-ICO and ICO we raise about $5 mln, in the second quarter of 2018, after implementing all the features listed above, we will be able to implement digital signatures and also develop pre-alpha of our own private blockchain.

With a total investment of $10 mln, by the end of the third quarter of 2018, in addition to all of the features listed above, Jincor will provide the following functionality: cryptocurrency accounts of organizations and their participants, cryptocurrency payments, and regular payments automatization.

Finally, if we raise $20+ mln during the crowdsale, by the end of 2018 Jincor will be providing a full-fledged corporate smart contracts based on Jincor private blockchain. By the end of 2019 we plan that Jincor will be a full-fledged digital jurisdiction (more about digital jurisdiction read in our article on Medium) providing all of the features announced in this document, alone or with assistance third party solutions, including conducting dividend payments to shareholders, banking financial instruments (overdrafts, escrow, encashment

13



etc), and decentralized smart-contracts arbitrage system. Note that Jincor will make the greatest possible efforts to create a decentralized digital jurisdiction, but this functionality will be accessible only to the extent that it fully complies with legal and regulatory policies in a given country. Provision of some of the above mentioned technologies and features will fall under specific licensing requirements. Jincor will make the best efforts to obtain all permits and licences required to provide such services in shortest time possible. Despite this, target release dates contained in the project roadmap (figure 8) may be subject to change due to possible licensing delays.

Figure 8. Project roadmap Every stage is based on the previous and hence the order. For instance, it is impossible to integrate electronic document flow when Jincor clients are unable to communicate with each other. Analogously, creation of cryptocurrency accounts for organizations and their members is impossible without blockchain. These accounts, in turn, are an integral part of payments and smart contracts.

14



5. ICO

5.1. JCR token

Jincor Private Blockchain is a permissioned distributed ledger based on PBFT consensus algorithm (more read in our Technical Paper), on which creation and execution of smartcontracts require transactions fees paid in JCR tokens.

JCR is the native blockchain token for Jincor protocol. Similarly to Ethereum's Ether, it will be a store of value, the sole means of paying transaction fees, and the mean of fueling smart contracts.

JCR token distribution:

To facilitate the development of the platform, reach breakeven and get to the major global markets as soon as possible we are running an ICO campaign.

Tokens distribution will be happening in 2 stages as described below:

1) During the ICO Jincor will distribute ERC20 Token Standard JCR tokens developed on Ethereum blockchain. Those will be generated and distributed to all contributors as a placeholder tokens.

2) After the full release of Jincor Private Blockchain JCR (ERC20) tokens will give its holders unconditional right to receive the same amount of JCR tokens in Jincor Blockchain. All exchanged ERC20 tokens will be destroyed.

Jincor will issue 35 000 000 JCR tokens, 76% of which (26 600 000 JCRs) will be put on sale.

The base ICO cost of JCR tokens is $1. After the crowdsale, we expect that the value and price of tokens will be growing due to the fixed total token supply (35 000 000 JCR or less, no further emissions) combined with growing demand for JCR tokens from Jincor's corporate users.

Registering at Jincor.com and evaluating the advantages of Jincor's ecosystem is free of charge for any business. However, if companies want to use digital verification, smart contracts, arbitrage system and other features of the platform, they will be charged in JCR tokens.

Rates for Jincor services will be valued in JCR tokens and will be dynamically changing based on current token conversion rates so that users will be charged with a fixed fiat value that is unaffected by JCR price fluctuations, which is crucial for businesses budget planning.

Jincor customers will be able to buy JCR tokens either on our partner exchanges or directly from Jincor by making a direct request, specifying the number of tokens needed. Upon receiving a request, Jincor's customer support purchases JCR tokens on cryptocurrency exchanges and resell it within the platform, no commission added.

In case there's no sufficient amount of JCRs available on the exchanges, reserve fund tokens are used to cover customers needs. Reserve fund initially formed from JCR tokens allocated for Jincor team (12% of the total emission - 4 200 000 JCR), until the required number of tokens is available to be purchased on cryptocurrency exchanges.

15



JCR tokens will be listed on major cryptocurrency exchanges by the end of lock-up period. A lock-up period is 45 days since the last day of the ICO. This timeframe can be extended in case of force majeure if it becomes necessary to obtain additional financial licenses.

5.2. ICO structure

Jincor will issue a total of 35,000,000 JCR ERC20 tokens, 4% of which was sold during preICO, and 76% will be put on sale at a starting price of $1 during the ICO, which will start on December, 1st. The remaining 20% will be distributed among bug bounty participants, Escrow & Advisors and Jincor team -- for further development and research (fig.5).

Figure 5. Distribution structure and ICO milestone Pool A consists of 4% of the total JCR token supply. Pool A was sold during pre-ICO crowdsale period. Pre-ICO date: Aug 21st 12:00 GMT +3 -- Sep 20th 12:00 GMT +3. JCR token price during pre-ICO is $0,25. Pool B consists of 76% of the total JCR token supply. Pool B is intended to be sold during ICO crowdsale period. ICO date: Dec 1st 15:00 GMT -- Jan 31st 15:00 GMT. JCR token price during ICO is $1. Pool C consists of 5% of the total JCR token supply. At the end of the Crowdsale period, Pool  will be created and allocated by the Smart Contract System to reward persons acting as advisors of the Jincor Project. Pool D consists of 3% of the total JCR token supply. At the end of the Crowdsale Period, Pool D will be created and allocated by the Smart Contract System to reward participants of Bounty program. Pool E consists of 12% of the total JCR token supply. At the end of the Crowdsale period, Pool E will be created and allocated by the Smart Contract System to incentivize Jincor team and ensure a perfect alignment of their individual interests with a long-term performance of Jincor.

16



JCR tokens sold during ICO will be automatically sent to contributor's wallets from which funds were received. Contributors will be able to instantly see JCR tokens on their ERC20 compatible wallet. (Note that: KYC/AML procedure required. Only KYC/AML verified contributors could buy JCR tokens). The total amount of tokens in circulation is unknown, because unsold tokens will be destroyed after the crowdsale. All purchased tokens will be frozen till the end of ICO and 45 days after. After that date JCRs can be forward to exchanges and any other wallets.

5.3. Post ICO roadmap

After ICO, by December 2017, we anticipate that there will be around 1000 companies that want to use the beta version of the product. In 2 years from now we are planning to have around 20 000 business registered in Jincor ecosystem with 150 hires on average and $750 value of JCR tokens required per month. This totals in $18 mln projected revenue in year 2. That moderate revenue projection for Jincor platform is based on businesses demand for cryptocurrency payment solutions trends and speed of spreading the smart contracts. Currently, more than 300 companies from all over the world have requested access to Jincor beta testing, which is scheduled to begin in November. After successful completion of ICO, Jincor are plans develop and promote the product towards countries in which legislative initiatives are as loyal as possible to crypto-currencies, and the market and business are sufficiently innovative to start using the tools and capabilities of smart contracts. First of all, we refer the markets of Southeast Asia (mainly Japan and South Korea) and European. Jincor will work simultaneously in both directions, creating favorable conditions for business and promotion.

Figure 6. Post ICO roadmap An important factor is the network marketing effect. Due to the logic of interaction inherent in basis, the value of Jincor for companies will grow significantly as the user base grows. In other words, each company appreciates the advantages of Jincor, its abilities to create and sign smart contracts and the use of cryptocurrencies, most of which will call its counterparties to register with Jincor, and sign corporate agreements and interactions into Jincor. Thus, each of our customers, who will remain satisfied with our service, will be our indirect advertising agent.

17



We plan to spend on product development about 60% of funds raised during the crowdsale campaign. Approximately 20% will be distributed to marketing and business expansion, 15% -- to creating a legal framework for cryptocurrency payments and smart contracts, and another 5% will be spent on operating costs (fig.7). The amount of raised by hardcap funds by our calculations will be enough for 3 years of active development and market expansion. All these 3 years we laid planned and unprofitable period of activity of our company, despite exponential growth in revenue. In 2018 our expenses will amount to 20% of all raised funds, in 2019 35%, and in 2020 the remaining 45%.

Figure 7. Funds allocation We are humble and realistic about our revenue projections. By the end of 2018 we are planning to achieve a stable cash flow, but we understand that Jincor still won't be able to cover all the expenses needed for the healthy development of the project. Therefore, the funds we are raising and the budget estimation provided in this document are calculated for the next 3 years with more than 80% of this amount allocated to salaries and wages of highly qualified specialists. According to our estimation Jincor will become a self-sufficient business by 2020. So as we say previously on paragraph 4.4. (Product Roadmap) Every stage of development is based on the previous and hence the order. But we don't need to wait for the realize of all Jincor functionality to start. We plan to reach a stable incoming cashflow from the moment of implementing cryptocurrency wallets for organizations and their members. This functionality in conjunction with the verification of companies and the binding of digital ID to companies from the real world will already allow companies to conduct inter-corporate crypto-settlements, and we get the first revenue. This should happen no later than before the end of the 2Q of 2018. The opportunities for network promotion of Jincor allow us to plan our budget in such a way that 75% of the funds will be spent on the development of its product. The basis of technical development (60%) is the intellectual work of highly qualified blockchain programmers and 15% on the development of the legal framework and regulations for the use of our platform by organizations in different jurisdictions - this includes studying local legislation in the countries of Jincor's presence, developing recommendatory literature on the use of crypto currency and smart contracts in accordance with the regulatory standards of this country, as well as the work of a whole consulting department to support our customers.

18



5.4. JCR tokens value

We expect, that the key to the future growth of JCR tokens value is their constant grow in demand and limited supply: we issue 35,000,000 JCR tokens at once and we do not plan to issue additional tokens in the future. At the same time, the need for JCR tokens will continue to increase, as they are used as a means of payment for the most important (and most required) platform's features. The probable forecast of JCR token price dependency of the total amount of participating companies on the platform can be found in fig.8. This moderate revenue projection for Jincor platform based on businesses demand for cryptocurrency payment solutions trends and speed of spreading the smart contracts. In calculations of JCR token equilibrium price were used the following data:

 Companies in 2 years from now: 20 000  Average number of staff: 150  Average requirement of one company in JCR tokens: $750  Cycle of JCR tokens: 3 months  Demand of JCR tokens in active trading: 25% (Based on ETH statistics, for more visit

Etherscan statistic). Equilibrium price is the price of a commodity at which the quantity that buyers wish to buy equals the quantity that sellers wish to sell. Thus, the projected equilibrium price of JCR tokens might be:

20 000 ()  $750  3 35 000 000   25% = $5,14

There calculations are valid for the data in 4 years from now. The possible equilibrium price of JCR tokens might be: $12,86.

Figure 8. JCR token price dependency of the total amount of participating companies

19



6. Team

Jincor is created by a team of enthusiasts united by unshakeable faith in technological progress and aspiration to make the world a better place. Up to now, there are 19 people in the company, and each of them is an expert in their area of responsibility. The full list of Jincor team members is available on our website.

Vagan Abelyan, co-founder

Vagan has been doing business since his university years (Financial University under the Government of the Russian Federation). After graduation in 2013, in cooperation with another Jincor cofounder, Vladislav Kirichenko, he set up his first company -- Triumph, LLC, which cumulative revenue for the three years of its existence amounted to more than $5 mln. In 2015, Vagan took up a position of crisis manager in Munchies, a large manufacturer of readymade food products. In the first three months Vagan managed to bring the loss-making company to profit, completely change the staff and upgrade the equipment; after just a year of Vagan's management, revenue figures increased twice.

Key skills: business management, financial management, business development.

"One of my key strengths is great communication skills and human resource management. I am able to effectively organize the work of a large number of people, set tasks and motivational policies for rapid achievement of the desired goals. In addition, I have excellent knowledge of financial analysis of the company and have successful experience in applying the theory of Goldratt constraints."

Vlad Kirichenko, co-founder

The first entrepreneurial experience took place in 2013, when Triumph, LLC, engaged in milk production and wholesale trade, was established. Two years later, the vector of Vlad's activity shifted towards project management in the industrial agriculture field, which involved the promotion of vertical farming technologies in Russia, which are now widely used in pharmacology, breeding and biotechnology.

Key skills: strategic planning, product design, business development.

"I have quite strong competences in the field of strategic planning, product design, as well as extensive knowledge of modern technologies and trends, which allows me to feel myself confident in the role of technology evangelist".

Andrey Degtyaruk, chief technical officer

Has been involved in commercial products development for more than 8 years already. Most of his experience comes from web development of highly loaded services, including large electronic trading platforms, and also cooperation with fintech companies. At the very beginning of his career Andrey developed a social network game called `100 to 1' -- the number of its users reached 10 mln people at the peak. Later, he worked for an international business incubator Rocket Internet.

Key skills: software architecture, blockchain solutions development, domain driven design.

"My great advantage is that I perfectly find a common language with business people -- I always understand their needs and can correctly communicate them to the developers. At the same time, even at top positions, I don't shy away from coding, because I really like

20



programming, and this allows me to maintain authority among developers." Our legal advisor, Tomas Krner, is a world-class expert and established professional with more than 20 years of work experience at top executive positions in commercial and government bodies, including IKEA, Swedish Trade and Investment Council in Russia, and a large consulting agency MLB Advisory. Thomas is also a founder and member of executive boards of several successful companies. He has strong skills and extensive expertise in law, strategic development and GR.

7. Legal structure

Jincor organizational structure (fig. 12) includes a parent company incorporated in Cyprus (Jincor Ltd.), its 100% subsidiary operational company in Russia (Biznes-seti LLC), 100% subsidiary token sale operational company in Singapore (Jincor Pte. Ltd.) and also SPV for distribution of the option pool to key employees incorporated on British Virgin Islands (Jincor Special Ltd.).

Figure 12. Jincor corporate structure

21



8. Conclusions

Explosive growth of modern technologies, such as cloud computing, big data and blockchain, leads to continuous transformation of various spheres of our life from shopping in the supermarket to business management of major corporations. Taking into consideration that there are huge number of companies around the world and many of them recognize the urgency of digital transformation, Jincor is getting to this market, feeling the acute need for its product. The full feature set of Jincor will include corporate cryptocurrency accounts with digital verification for full regulatory and business compliance of cryptocurrency transactions, smart contract templates, which will make it possible for companies to transfer all the legal and contractual relationships into trustless blockchain environment, and a decentralized arbitrage system, which will allow to settle disputes arising with the execution of smart contracts within the digital jurisdiction. Our mission is to make blockchain technologies as simple and accessible to business as usual means of day-to-day communication and create a unique environment for their evolution and mass implementation in the corporate sector, which will radically reduce the amount of time, effort and money it always takes companies to find and establish valuable business connections, expand market reach, workflow management and execute transactions. While others are just beginning to realize all the benefits of blockchain technology, cryptocurrency payments, and smart contracts, Jincor is already engaged in developing of a unified decentralized ecosystem for their simple and secure implementation. Campaign contributors can take their part in speeding up technological progress by participating in ICO of JCR tokens, announced by Jincor.

22



9. Project risks

Acquiring JCR tokens comes with a high degree of risk. Multiple factors can have a significant negative impact on the cost of these digital assets, as well as on the entire Jincor platform. The following is a list of risks and uncertainties that may become reality for JCR tokens holders, and it is not exhaustive. JCR token value Since there was previously no open market for JCR tokens, the launch of the project may not lead to the formation of an active or liquid market of JCR. The market price of JCR may be volatile. Despite the projected demand for JCR, the active market may not form after trading begins, or may cease to develop. As a result, the owner would not be able to perform JCR tokens operations in a timely fashion. The evaluation of cryptocurrencies in the secondary market often lacks transparency. The cost of JCR tokens can fluctuate greatly within a short period of time. There is a significant risk that a holder of JCR tokens may lose all his or her contribution because of depreciation. The Company does not guarantee the value of Jincor tokens, nor predicts their liquidity. The Company is not and shall not be held liable for the market value of JCR tokens, or their liquidity. The Company is not obliged to redeem JCR tokens, or to otherwise refund their holders, for whatever reason, unless the fact of not achievement soft cap during ICO crowdsale. Jincor development risks After the launch, Jincor will rely partially on third parties for the adoption and implementation of certain functions, as well as for continuing the development, maintenance and support of the platform. We can't guarantee that these third parties will do their job properly. Regulatory risks The legal status of cryptographic tokens, cryptocurrencies, and other digital assets remains unidentified in many countries. Predicting how quickly and how public authorities will regulate these assets, as well as the blockchain technology that facilitates it, is not possible. Changes in legislation may adversely affect the Company and the prospects for the technologies developed by it.

23



Jincor token sale agreement

1. This Token Sale agreement ('Agreement') forms a legally binding contract between You and the Jincor PTE. LTD that is a company incorporated in Singapore (the "Company" or "Jincor") and sets forth general rules and procedure Jincor Tokens Sale by the Jincor and their purchase by the Purchaser. This Agreement is inalienable part of Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale that the Purchaser shall carefully read, understand and irrevocably accept. In terms not regulated by this Agreement (including but not limited to intellectual property rights, dispute resolution etc.), the Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale shall apply to the relationships that arise hereunder.

2. THIS AGREEMENT CERTIFIES THAT You (hereinafter the "Purchaser" or "You") by clicking the button "I agree" on the Website and payment of ETH equal to 1 USD for one JCR Token according to the cost of ETH to the date of beginning of the Token Sale (the "Purchase Amount") for each JCR Token on the specific smart-contract address published on the Website and during the Token Sale period, 2017 (the "Payment Date" or "Payment period"), to Jincor, shall be entitled to take delivery of certain digital cryptographic token (the "JCR Token") upon the occurrence of the Company's Token Sale, subject to Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale and the provisions set forth below.

3. The definitions set forth herein and mentioned with capital letter shall have the meaning as described in Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale.

4. JCR Token Sale period is the period of time from 01.12.2017 to 31.01.2018 during which the Company shall deliver to the Purchaser a number of JCR Tokens equal to the Purchase Amount paid to the Company by Purchasers in the Token Sale (according to the procedures referenced in Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale and this Agreement).

5. JCR Tokens are available for purchase to Purchasers who are eligible to enter to this agreement according to the clause 3 of Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale (Purchasers) and clause 23 of this Agreement only during a limited JCR Tokens Sale period of time that is defined in the Appendix A of Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale and clause 4 of this Agreement.

6. Jincor's publication on the Website of an offer to sell JCR Tokens to a number of Purchasers (potential Jincor Token purchasers) is considered a legally binding offer of the Jincor to sell JCR Tokens (hereinafter referred to as the "Offer").

7. The Offer shall be available only at the Website via specific form. Any other offers concerning JCR Tokens Sale presented on any other websites or internet resources shall be considered null and void and shall not put any obligations upon the Jincor.

8. The number of JCR Tokens offered for sale by the Jincor is limited. Such number of JCR Tokens to be sold and available for purchase is defined in the Appendix A of the Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale.

9. Legally binding acceptance of the Offer shall be conducted by a Purchaser by sending the Purchase Amount of ETH on the specific smart-contract address published on the Website and clicking the button "I agree" on the Website in the specific field. By this action the respective Purchaser, agree that he fully read, understood and irrevocably accepted this JCR Token Sale agreement. From this moment the Offer shall be considered formally accepted by the respective Purchaser.

24



10. Offer Acceptance shall be deemed irrevocable.

11. The price of one JCR Token is set forth in the amount of ETH equal to 1 USD according to the cost of ETH to the date of beginning of the Token Sale. The payment for JCR Tokens can be conducted by Purchasers only in Ethereum (ETH). Jincor does not accept fiat currency as payment for JCR Tokens. In order to buy JCR Tokens Purchaser shall convert such funds into Ethereum (ETH). Technically the payment of JCR Tokens shall be conducted via Ethereum Smart Contract specified on the Website.

12. To purchase JCR Tokens the Purchaser shall only send cryptocurrency funds from his/her personal wallet (hardware wallet) in the amount which is equivalent to the amount of the JCR Tokens the Purchaser is willing to receive for such payment. It is prohibited to send cryptocurrency funds to purchase JCR Tokens from any cryptocurrency exchanges until after 45 days after the end of the Tokens Sale.

13. Purchaser is not entitled to send any funds to purchase JCR Tokens until JCR Tokens Sale period has officially begun. Purchaser is not entitled to send any funds to purchase JCR Tokens upon ending of the respective JCR Tokens Sale.

14. The JCR Tokens shall be sent to the Purchaser's personal respective cryptocurrency wallet by the end of JCR Tokens Sale period.

15. To the extent allowable pursuant to Applicable Law, the purchase of the JCR Tokens by the Purchaser from the Jincor is final, and, thus, there are no refunds and/or cancellations.

16. Ownership rights for JCR Tokens shall be transferred from the Jincor to the respective Purchaser upon completion of payment procedure by the Purchaser.

17. The proceeds received by Jincor from the sale of JCR Tokens to Purchaser shall only be deemed as proceeds received from sale of services, as JCR Tokens are eventually designated to be used to recieve the right to access various services within the Jincor Platform.

18. You expressly agree that the JCR Tokens are not securities, are not registered with any government entity as the securities, shall not be considered as such, are not intended to be commodity or any other kind of financial instrument, do not represent any share, stake or security or equivalent rights, including, but not limited to, any right to receive future revenue shares and intellectual property rights.

19. By purchase of JCR Tokens hereunder the Purchaser represents and warrants that his/her funds in no way came from illegal or unethical sources, that the Purchaser is not using any proceeds of criminal or illegal activity, and that no transaction involving JCR Tokens are being used to facilitate any criminal or illegal activity.

20. The Purchaser is obliged to provide valid proves concerning legality of his/her proceeds used to purchase JCR Tokens upon Jincor's request or request of bank institutions or government authorities.

21. By accepting this Agreement and by purchase of the JCR Tokens, the Purchaser represents/warrants and accepts that there are certain risks associated with purchase of JCR Tokens, holding JCR Tokens, and using JCR Tokens described in Appendix B of Jincor General Terms & Conditions of JCR Tokens Sale.

22. Singapore citizens and residents are not eligible and not allowed to participate in the JCR Tokens Sale due to various taxation and regulatory issues. The Purchaser is only allowed to

25



purchase JCR Tokens if and by buying JCR Tokens he/she covenants, represents, and warrants that he/she is neither a Singapore citizen or resident, nor have a primary residence or domicile in Singapore. In order to buy JCR Tokens and by buying them Purchaser covenant, represent, and warrant that none of the owners of the company, of which Purchaser is an authorized officer, are Singapore citizens or residents, nor they have a primary residence or domicile in Singapore. Should this change at any time, Purchaser shall immediately notify Jincor. Purchaser also represent and warrant that he (or she) is not a citizen or resident of a geographic area in which access to or use of the cryptocurrency or Tokens is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or administrative act. Jincor shall reserve the right to refuse selling JCR Tokens to anyone who does not meet the criteria set forth above.

23. The Purchaser is only allowed to purchase JCR Tokens if and by buying JCR Tokens he (or she) covenants, represents, and warrants that he (or she) (under the Applicable Law and law of the country of Participant's residence):

1) is of an age of majority to enter into this Agreement (at least 18 years of age), meets all other eligibility and residency requirements, and is fully able and legally competent to purchase JCR Tokens, enter into agreement with the Jincor and in doing so will not violate any other agreement to which he (or she) is a party;

2) if he (she) is a corporation, governmental organization or other legal entity, he/she have the right, power and authority to enter into this agreement on behalf of the corporation, governmental organization or other legal entity and bind them to these Terms;

3) will not be using the JCR Tokens for any illegal activity, including but not limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism;

24. JCR Tokens are to be provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis and without any warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied. The Purchaser assume all responsibility and risk with respect to buying of any amount of the JCR Tokens and their use. The Purchaser hereby expressly agrees that, to the maximum extent permitted by the Applicable Law, the Jincor does not accept any liability for any damage or loss, including loss of business, revenue, or profits, or loss of or damage to data, equipment, or software (direct, indirect, punitive, actual, consequential, incidental, special, exemplary or otherwise), resulting from any use of, or inability to use the Website or the material, information, software, facilities, services or content on the Website, as well as from purchasing of the JCR Tokens, regardless of the basis, upon which the liability is claimed and even if the Jincor has been advised of the possibility of such loss or damage. The Purchaser understands and agrees that the Jincor shall not be held liable to and shall not accept any liability, obligation or responsibility whatsoever for any change of the value of the JCR Tokens. The Purchaser understands and expressly agrees that the Jincor shall not guarantee in any way that the JCR Tokens might be sold or transferred during or after the Jincor Token Sale. If Applicable Law does not allow all or any part of the above limitation of liability to apply to the Purchaser, the limitations will apply to the Purchaser only to the extent permitted by the Applicable Law. The Purchaser understands and agrees that it is his/her obligation to ensure compliance with any legislation relevant to his/her country of domicile concerning purchasing of the JCR Tokens. Purchasing of the JCR Tokens by the Purchaser in no way creates any exclusive relationship between the Purchaser and the Jincor, nor any partnership, joint venture, employment or agency.

26



Homepage



Email



Telegram



Twitter



Facebook



Reddit



Github



Medium

27



