TABLE OF CONTENT



INTRODUCTION



3



What is JCN - Jizzcoins?



4



Who's behind JCN - Jizzcoins?



4



Vision



5



Mission statement



5



THE ONLINE 18+ INDUSTRY



6



CTRL ECOSYSTEM



8



Points of interest



8



Target groups



9



JCN - Jizzcoins



11



Product sites



12



Broadcasting platform



15



Partner program



15



Payment platform



16



ICO JCN TOKEN SALES



18



General information



18



ICO structure



18



Distribution, initial rate and token exchange



19



Token allocation



20



Usage of funds raised with JCN token sales by ICO



20



HOW TO BUY JCN?



24



ROADMAP



26



TEAM



31



CONTACT INFORMATION



33



LEGAL AND OTHER TERMS



34



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 2 / 34



INTRODUCTION

Are you ready for the most exciting ICO out there?

This is an ICO - Initial Coin Offering - that you can't miss! It's hot, innovative, fun and a high potential money maker for everyone who likes to buy crypto tokens.

We present to you JCN - Jizzcoins, a multi-purpose 18+ token that soon will run on it's own innovative adult entertainment ecosystem, which will be empowered by blockchain technology.

Built as an Ethereum ERC-20 multi-purpose utility token supported by a powerful framework of open-source smart contracts.

We offer a unique value proposition to any token holder to participate in new technology driven applications that solve problems that the online adult entertainment industry is facing.

Our products are ready and innovative; and our business model for all target groups is rewarding, realistic and yet still profitable.

Ultimately, we are a team of enthusiastic tech entrepreneurs, with the shared, long term vision of capitalizing on this lucrative market with innovative products.

In this white paper you will read more about our plan to to incorporate blockchain technology into our adult entertainment ecosystem



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 3 / 34



What is JCN - Jizzcoins?

JCN - Jizzcoins is a multi-purpose 18+ utility token for an ecosystem of digital online adult entertainment services.

Jizzcoins will be beneficial for consumers, webcam models, studios, adult stars, affiliates, advertisers, content partners and other companies active within the 18+ online space.

JCN - Jizzcoins is based on Ethereum blockchain, ERC20 compatible using smart contracts to automate the blockchain flow within its ecosystem.

With JCN - Jizzcoins it will be possible for consumers and webcam models to mint through media publishing (posting pictures, videos and even live webcam streams) using sophisticated minting algorithms.

Who's behind JCN - Jizzcoins?

Ctrl Venture is a tech startup company focused on developing and monetizing innovative real-time communication products and services in the online digital 18+ landscape.

Incorporated and operating from Brno, Czech Republic, the company was founded in December 2015 by a group of technology enthusiasts who like to push technology driven boundaries.

Ctrl Venture created a complete ecosystem which is based on consumer product sites, partner/affiliate programs, broadcasting platform and a digital advertising platform.

Ctrl Venture's ecosystem aims to fully embrace blockchain technology to simplify transactions in a decentralized environment for all its activities and target groups.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 4 / 34



Vision

Decentralization provides a sustainable way forward for each company that embraces blockchain technology.

The vision for JCN - Jizzcoins is rooted in the belief that a broad group of participants can come together to create an open ecosystem of tools for digital communication and commerce that prioritizes consumer experience, bringing a fair and user-oriented model for digital services to the market.

Most of the available 18+ cryptocurrencies focus mainly on consumer based purposes to offer for example a secured and anonymous payment method.

With JCN - Jizzcoins as a multi-purpose 18+ token we initially focus on all the target groups (consumers, performers, partners, affiliates and advertisers) within our ecosystem and later outside the ecosystem using API integrations.

Our target is to accelerate growth, increase token value, recognition and eventually acceptance on a global scale.



Mission statement

Continuous innovation is mandatory to ensure that each new technology driven startup can achieve its goals.

Blockchain technology has a big potential to transform and improve existing business models in the long term for companies that are active with online 18+ entertainment services.

With the Initial Coin Offering from JCN - Jizzcoins Ctrl Venture hopes to raise capital to become one of the first online 18+ entertainment companies that has embedded blockchain technology integrated throughout all its verticals.

Ctrl Venture's focus is:  Bringing a renewed type of live online +18 entertainment  Payment token for Ctrl Venture's ecosystem  Offer media minting features for consumers, webcam models and adult stars  Connect and open worldwide voyeur spy cam locations  Partner integrations (live voyeur content) to create a wide acceptance  Create a platform where other companies can promote and advertise themselves  Embedded charity incentive where a part of the generated revenues is used to take our social responsibility



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 5 / 34



THE ONLINE 18+ INDUSTRY

Historically, the online adult industry has consistently driven the mainstream adoption of new technologies.

The vast demand for porn on the internet has led to the creation of innovations like credit card verification sites, affiliate referral programs and (live) video streaming technologies like Flash.

At this moment the roles have been reversed, where the online mainstream industry giants are the true innovators of today's technological landscape.



Adult entertainment today

Today, the online 18+ entertainment industry is driving innovations in the Internet of Things (IoT) with teledildonic devices and Virtual Reality (VR) to improve the user experience for consumers.

Paid membership sites, free porn tubes, live cam sites and dating sites are currently dominating the 18+ online entertainment industry.

Subscription sites (paid) are usually operated by a production studio and charge a monthly subscription fee for access to their online content library (pictures and video clips).

Free porn tube sites offer unlimited access to a huge collection of video clips and photos. Their revenue model is mainly based on monetizing display advertising.

The 18+ live cam sites are split in two business models: premium and freemium. While in the past the premium model was the standard, freemium is nowadays the most popular model in use.



Global annual revenues

In 2014 the worldwide porn industry was valued at $97 billion according to Kassia Wosick, assistant professor of sociology at the New Mexico State University.

Between $10 billion and $12 billion of that comes from the United States.

The live 18+ webcam industry generates approximately 2-3 billion USD profit worldwide and is expected to grow to 20 billion USD by 2020.

Source: http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/porn-industry-feeling-upbeat-about-2014-n9076



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 6 / 34



What is trending?

Over the years a lot has changed in the online 18+ entertainment industry. Free porn (tube sites) and pirated content heavily disrupted and changed the industry's landscape.

At this moment dating and webcam sites are popular and doing quite well. People love to interact and enjoy live performances from individuals and couples live on cam.

The live 18+ webcam niche changed and is currently very competitive. You can clearly see that the market A-listers are looking for new ways to monetize their traffic and live content.

Webcam sites that are based on a "freemium" business model (tipping) are at this moment very popular and most of them experienced an explosive growth in traffic, members and generated revenues in recent years.

Following the advance of social media, new marketplaces have emerged to allow performers to upload their content, sell access or to offer paid Skype sessions to their fans directly.

Future expectations?

The future of real-time communication powered 18+ live cam products looks prosperous due to the rapid advancement and adaptation of technology.

Emerging technologies like HTML5 live video streaming, Augmented Reality, Virtual Reality, Holographic video streaming and the fast growing mobile market automatically creates new opportunities and is already changing the online 18+ entertainment landscape.

Adding blockchain technology will allow us to give consumers complete anonymity and more value for their online purchases. As for content providers they are able to interface and syndicate 3rd party content or provide their content in other existing environments regardless of what technology stacks are being used.

One can imagine scenarios where a next generation 18+ site has no content and syndicates content from others to monetize their traffic.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 7 / 34



CTRL ECOSYSTEM

The Ctrl Ecosystem is based on a fully operational platform and subsystems to create and monetize real-time communication powered community product sites.

The Ctrl Ecosystem a fully in-house developed environment empowered with the latest technologies for live streaming and digital marketing, with a development cycle of already close to 5 years.

JCN - Jizzcoins as a new digital utility token will be fully integrated within the Ctrl Ecosystem to serve its target groups with all the benefits of blockchain technology.

Additionally the blockchain will be used for partner integrations, which will enable us to connect with 3rd party content and service providers creating a wider acceptance of the token.



Points of interest

The main point of interest is to give our ERC20 token a bright future by stimulating growth and usage by various target groups within and outside of our ecosystem on a global scale.

 Ctrl Ecosystem operating as one of the first full blockchain driven online 18+ entertainment platforms

 Everyone in the Ctrl Ecosystem will get their own JCN crypto wallet

 Underdeveloped niche within the adult industry: worldwide amateur spy locations



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 8 / 34



 Customized voyeur API integrations for partners through smart contracts

 Media data type minting (by publishing images, video clips and live voyeur streams)

 JCN - Jizzcoins as accepted payment method for consumers and advertisers

 JCN - Jizzcoins as accepted payout method for models, studio partners, affiliates and integration partners

 Use a part of the generated revenues to take our social responsibility to support various charity initiatives (example: fight global hunger or disaster relief) or to fund promising eco projects and/or initiatives



Target groups

Here is an overview of all the target groups within the ecosystem.



Consumers



Studio partners / models Voyeur residents



Enjoy the best (live) entertainment from desktop or mobile devices (phones - tablets)



Earn tokens with live shows, tip goals, published photo albums, video clips and referring new fans.



Connect worldwide amateur locations from people (solo, couples and groups) with live voyeur cams.



* Free registration * 18+ or older



* 60% from live shows, tips, unlocked photo albums and video clips



* Earn tokens for the number of broadcasted spy cams (per 24 hours) >> media minting



* Freemium business model

* Free webcam shows

* Access spy cams from voyeur locations worldwide

* Videos from 18+ brands

* Exclusive photo albums

* Buy tokens

* Earn tokens (pin pictures and video clips) >> media minting

* Earn tokens by joining advertising offers



* 20% on-site spendings from referred members



* Locations with the best online scores will get extra JCN



* 20% from all CPA advertising offer joins by referred members

Instant payouts in JCN once the minimum payout amount has been reached.



* 60% from live shows, tips, unlocked photo albums and video clips

* 20% on-site spendings from referred members



Note: Offering extra financial incentives is essential to built up and expand an active online model base.



* 20% from all CPA offer joins by referred members

Instant payouts in JCN once the minimum payout amount has been reached.



minted tokens can be spent on-site



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 9 / 34



Advertisers

Advertisers who are looking for new leads can start advertising campaigns which will be published on the product sites.

Advertising campaigns will only be published on the product sites when an advertisers has a positive ewallet balance. Advertisers can increase their balance by paying with JCN.



Affiliates



Content partners



Individuals and/or companies who are active with digital marketing can earn by promoting our product sites.

* 15% revenue share from all referred member's on-site spending

* PPL (pay-per-lead) based on various GEO tiers

* 30% revenue share when referred members join published CPA Offers

Instant payouts in JCN once the minimum payout amount has been reached.



Companies who own the rights from video content are entitled to get their own branded video channels on the product sites.

By uploading videos (full length or promo clips) it's possible to:

* Earn money (70% revenue share from all unlocked video purchases)

* Generate traffic to their own product sites

Instant payouts in JCN once the minimum payout amount has been reached.



Integration partners



Voyeur APIs



JCN - Jizzcoins APIs



With custom Voyeur API integrations site owners can benefit from an extra revenue stream.

Voyeur API integration provides site owners the ability to offer an extra live entertainment feature to their own customer base in their look & feel.

Target: * Porn tubes (voyeur tab), dating sites and member area integrations

* 15% revenue share from all referred member on-site spendings

* 30% revenue share when referred members join published CPA Offers (if advertising is enabled)

Instant payouts in JCN once the minimum payout amount has been reached.



With JCN - Jizzcoins API integrations it's possible to expand the acceptance and usage of this new 18+ utility token.

Companies who have 18+ products and/or services benefit directly by offering JCN - Jizzcoins as a new payment method to their customers and/or members.

Accepting payments in JCN - Jizzcoins provides the following benefits:

* Low processing fees

* No back charges and fraud prevention

* Safe and secure

* Anonymous (private and discreet)



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 10 / 34



JCN - Jizzcoins

As a multi-purpose 18+ utility token JCN - Jizzcoins will be used inside and outside of the Ctrl Ecosystem.

All processes related to our users groups will be handled through a smart contract mechanism to ensure that all JCN transactions are decentralized.

Everyone within the Ctrl Ecosystem will get its own on-site and JCN - Jizzcoins (crypto) wallet.

Here you have an overview of all the target groups and their relation to JCN - Jizzcoins.



Target groups

Consumers Models / studios Voyeur residents Affiliates Advertisers Content partners Integration partners (voyeur API) Integration partners (JCN wallet API)



Buy



 



Mine

  



Earn

   

 



Sell

      



Buy Mine Earn Sell



Buy tokens for on-site entertainment features or advertising purposes Mine tokens by media datasets (images, video clips and live voyeur cams) algorithms Earn tokens with on-site entertainment features, referring new leads and selling content Exchange earned and minted tokens



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 11 / 34



Product sites

Here you can find an overview of all current and new product sites still to be developed. The current product sites are fully operational and online but not yet promoted.



Jizz.xxx

Jizz.xxx is an adult pinboard and live webcam product. Registered members can collect and share their favorite porn pictures and videos by creating pinboards.

Members can enjoy (free) live shows from the hottest girls on webcam and collect/share their favorite pictures and video clips (copy / paste URLs from the biggest porn tube sites).

This new adult entertainment product is heavily using gamification features where members are rewarded with free tokens based on their on-site activities.

Members can use their earned tokens on our online model base and paid content which stimulates them to eventually purchase more tokens.



Pinboards

 Create pinboards  Pin (photo, video, GIF)  Re-pin  Like  Follow  Comment  Report

Live cams

 Send a Tip  Start Private show  Start 2-way Private show  Free shows  Unlock premium chat features  Unlock models content (photos, videos)



Other features

 Photo albums  Channels  Video clips  Rankings / Score  CPA Offers - Ad server

Other

Blog - Facebook - Twitter - Google Plus JizzAgainstHunger.com (charity initiative)



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 12 / 34



Villavoyeur.com

villavoyeur.com is the 2nd product which was recently completed but not yet promoted.

At this moment we are beta testing our custom built spy cam streaming engine to make sure it can handle mass traffic.

This innovative and unique live entertainment product is prepared to monetize voyeur locations all over the world.

The official Villavoyeur.com soft launch including the opening of the first voyeur location in Brno (Czech Republic) is scheduled for December 2017.



Location details

 Live broadcasting spy cams  3D floor map(s)  24/7 Voyeur chats  Own model base - team  Channel pages  Photo albums  Video clips  Live events (parties - content shootings -

schedule shows)



With multiple locations connected we will create an internal competition with attractive monthly prizes in JCN.

Voyeur locations are either managed (operated by the company itself) or remote (connected locations from individuals, couples and/or groups).



Each voyeur location will have spy voyeur cams (HD IPTV) which are free or paid (pay-per-switch) plotted on a 3D floor map. All voyeur spy cams have a free preview of 13 seconds before the member is charged a token amount to view the stream.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 13 / 34



Each location will have a 24/7 occupied voyeur chat room to promote the daily activities on location. VillaVoyeur.com will also provide offers for members to be able to earn free tokens which they can spend on our services.

Vooyeur.com

Vooyeur.com will be the 3rd cam product and is scheduled to be launched in Q3 2018.



This new live entertainment product will be targeted on connecting and opening amateur voyeur locations from individuals and couples located all over the world.

All these connected voyeur locations will be equipped with multiple spy voyeur cams which will be broadcasted live on our product sites and partner voyeur integrations.

People who connect their house/apartment automatically mint tokens based on the number of broadcasting voyeur spy cams and online hours using a sophisticated minting algorithm.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 14 / 34



Broadcasting platform

CamCtrl.com is an innovative and user-friendly live broadcasting platform for studio partners, models, adult stars and voyeur residents. CamCtrl.com is running on SexyRTC, our custom built HTML5 video streaming engine.

Studio partners and models receive a 60% share of their online revenues. Additionally they receive 20% revenue share from their referred members' spending.

As an extra incentive studio partners and models receive a 20% share of the CPA payouts that their referred members join.

By using CamCtrl.com, studio partners and models can easily monetize their online live webcam broadcastings (mobile - desktop) and published photo/video content on all our product sites.

Webcam models broadcasting their live video chat signals through Camctrl.com are automatically published on our (current and future) product sites and future partner integrations.

Partner program

ClickCtrl.com is a multi-purpose partner platform tailormade to monetize traffic, content and generate new leads.

With this innovative platform it's possible to facilitate target groups (affiliates, integration partners, advertisers and content owners) to monetize their valuable traffic and content.

Affiliate program

Affiliates who promote product sites receive 15% revenue share from all the on-site spending from their referred members. High volume affiliates and integration partners will benefit from a custom deal.

From Q3 2018 affiliates will also be able to promote our webcam products through a PPL (geo tier based) program.

On top of the revenue share or PPL program affiliates automatically earn 30% from all the CPA Offer payouts their referred members joined.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 15 / 34



Advertising program

Advertisers who are looking for new leads can start their advertising campaigns based on a CPA business model. The advertising feature is fully customizable and e-wallet based where the advertiser can segment and target their campaigns and define custom PPL or PPS rates.

Each time a member joins a published CPA Offer the related PPL or PPS rate is automatically deducted from the advertiser's ewallet balance and paid to the related target groups.

Content partner program

Content partners can apply for their own content channel pages on our product sites and upload their banners for each created channel page.

All uploaded video content is encoded in different playback formats and can be priced before publishing on the product sites.

Content partners receive 70% of all the revenues from published videos or free traffic if videos are tagged as free.

For more info: blog.clickctrl.com or www.clickctrl.com



Payment platform

BillingCtrl.com is an advanced payment transaction engine that provides a range of secure and safe payment methods to consumers and advertisers.



BillingCtrl serves as a bridge between the payment service providers and our product sites meaning that any new product that we will launch will already have all the payment methods available.



Supported payment methods

At the moment the following payment methods are integrated in our platform:



 VISA  Mastercard  Giropay  iDeal  DirectEbanking  Mister Cash  Advanced Direct Pay  Direct Debit



Here you will find an overview from other payment methods which will be activated during 2018:

 Paypal  Bitcoin  Ethereum  Jizzcoins



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 16 / 34



BillingCtrl.com uses the following payment providers:

 Cardgate (credit card merchant account)  Epoch (not yet active, scheduled for Q4/2018)  SecurionPay (not yet active, scheduled for Q2/2018)

Note: At this moment we are researching how to replace or connect our on-site ewallets and adapt all business logic with blockchain technology through smart contracts.

With JCN tokens transactions we aim to offer a ZERO commission fee structure for all our target groups.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 17 / 34



ICO JCN TOKEN SALES

General information

Token logo:



Token name: Token symbol: Token standard: Token decimals: Max quantity: Smart Contract: Initital fixed price: Website:



Jizzcoins token JCN Ethereum blockchain (ERC20 compatible) 18 100,000,000 JCN 0xc767bb2ab72358eb140b6a66b51a6afb833775dc 0.001 ETH per 1 JCN token JCN - Jizzcoins is promoted on ICO.JIZZCOINS.COM



Note: Special bonuses are available for ICO early buyers



ICO structure

ICO Announcement: ICO Start date: ICO End date: ICO Hard cap:



January 2018 January 10th, 2018 (Early Bird) April 10th, 2018 (Crowdsale) 45,000 ETH by selling JCN tokens



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 18 / 34



Distribution, initial rate and token exchange

You can purchase JCN tokens at the following rates:



Early bird at presale

January 10th, 2018 11:00 am January 20th, 2018 10:59 am



25% bonus

Minimum purchase of 750 JCN tokens in crypto equivalent (0.75 ETH)



Presale

Start: January 20th, 2018 11:00 am End: February 1st, 2018 10:59 am



15% bonus

Minimum purchase of 500 JCN tokens in crypto equivalent (0.50 ETH)



Early bird Crowdsale

Start: February 1st, 2018 11:00 am End: February 10th, 2018 10:59 am



5% bonus

Minimum purchase of 250 JCN tokens in crypto equivalent (0.25 ETH)



Crowdsale (Phase 1)

Start: February 10th, 2018 11:00 am End: April 10h, 2018 10:59 am

Public sale

April - May 2018



Minimum purchase 1 JCN token in crypto equivalent (0.001 ETH)

Process initiated to list the JCN Token on Crypto Exchanges Sold at market price not at a fixed EURO/USD value



Notes: The times during the ICO distribution are based on the timezone GMT +1. All remaining JCN tokens, which are not distributed during ICO, will be distributed back into our reserve on the ICO completion date. No more JCN tokens to be issued, other than distributed during ICO.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 19 / 34



Token allocation

Description Crowdsale Reserved funds

 JCN - Jizzcoins reserve fund  Content and gamification reserve Reserved for Founders Reserved for advisors and bounty program



Total in JCN 45,000,000 JCN

15,000,000 JCN 5,000,000 JCN

30,000,000 JCN 5,000,000 JCN



The JCN - Jizzcoins reserve fund operates as part of our business model, ensuring a stable token with a bright future. It is in our best interest to ensure that the JCN purchasing power grows over time and market manipulation is avoided.



Usage of funds raised with JCN token sales by ICO

Funding raised through the token sale will be used to accelerate the expansion of the ecosystem, moving it to full production, integrate blockchain technology, connecting and opening worldwide voyeur locations.

During Crowdsale we target to sell a minimum of 10% from the available tokens. Here is an overview of how the raised funds will be allocated.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 20 / 34



JCN - Jizzcoins fund allocation

Human resources (remote teams, offices and workspace) Development (new products, integrations and features) Operations (monitoring and scheduling) Infrastructure (cloud services, infrastructure and equipment) Marketing & sales (marketing, advertising, promotions and sales) Content & locations (models, studios and voyeur locations) Partner integrations (wider token acceptance and usage) Legal (compliance and regulation)



%

15.0% 10.0% 7.5% 10.0% 20.0% 22.5% 10%

5%



Human resources

15% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used to create a solid organization fundament based on small business units with qualified and experienced team members that is prepared for growth.

The increase capacity in human resources is important as the ecosystem demands a 24/7 business operation. We intend to stay small in the number of employees per business unit.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 21 / 34



We will contract qualified and motivated employees working on location and/or remote in our business units.

Development

10% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used for the development team to improve the ecosystem, develop new products, features, API integrations and to integrate (private) blockchain technology by smart contracts.

Operations

7.5% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used to create an "Operations" business unit which is responsible for monitoring our real-time live activities and everything else related to planning our activities.

Once we have multiple voyeur locations from individuals, couples, groups and partners we need to monitor everything 24 hours per day, 7 days per week to have a good insight about what is happening and ensure that everything runs smoothly in our ecosystem.

This business unit will also be responsible for handling all the support requests and recording live broadcasted content for marketing purposes.

Infrastructure

10% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used for the underlying technical infrastructure on which the ecosystem operates and the internal network for all our business units.

Think of costs related to bandwidth, server capacity, cloud services, server licenses and computer and network equipment

Marketing & sales

20% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used for our marketing and sales activities within the ecosystem.

Marketing activities as a way to boost/brand the product sites, partner programs, media buys, advertising, integrations, model/studio recruitment and everything else that will widen the usage and acceptance of JCN - Jizzcoins.

The sales activities are targeted on acquiring new advertisers, content partners, affiliates and integration partners.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 22 / 34



Everything related to creative design (web, print and video design), worldwide industry trade shows and events are also part of this budget.

Content & locations

22.5% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used to increase live broadcasted and recorded content like webcam models, adult stars, webcam studios and voyeur locations worldwide.

One of our main activities is to connect as many locations from individuals, couples, groups and business partners mixed with our own managed locations to have a large number of locations and voyeur spy cams published live on our product sites and partner integrations.

Increasing the number of connected locations and the quantity of live broadcasting spy cams will increase the number of new members and create stickiness which results in advertising value for our advertisers, higher revenues for models/studios and better content for integration partners.

Connected locations also results in an increase of activity on social media and JCN media minting within the ecosystem.

Partner integrations

10% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used to work with other companies offering online 18+ products and/or services through custom integrations based on APIs.

With partner integrations we aim on cross-selling our (live) content on external sites and providing them JCN payment methods to create a wider acceptance for JCN as a crypto payment token.

Legal

5% - from the funding budget will be allocated and used for legal and compliance matters to ensure that the ecosystem and JCN - Jizzcoins continues to operate legally and responsibly.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 23 / 34



HOW TO BUY JCN?

Buy JCN tokens during ICO

DO NOT send ETH (Ether) from any of the exchanges. Send ETH only from your own wallets! We recommend to use Gas = 60 GW and Gas Limit = 200,000

We recommend to use MyEtherWallet. You also can use other wallets like: Mist, MetaMask, Parity, Ethereum Wallet, imToken, and other ERC-20 compatible wallets.

The only valid JCN Ethereum Smart Contract address is: 0xc767bb2ab72358eb140b6a66b51a6afb833775dc

To view JCN Smart Contract transactions you can use this website: https://etherscan.io/address/0xc767bb2ab72358eb140b6a66b51a6afb833775dc

From January 10th to April 10th, 2018 it's possible to buy JCN - Jizzcoins through our ICO.

Token minting

We will offer product site members, webcam models and voyeur residents the ability to earn tokens with media dataset minting.

Media dataset minting is based on publishing photos and videos on our product sites by members and webcam models.

Voyeur residents who have connected their home on our voyeur platform automatically mint tokens through a sophisticated minting algorithm applied on live broadcasted spy cams.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 24 / 34



Pay with tokens for online services (b2b - b2c)

Consumers can buy JCN tokens and exchange them for site specific tokens to use the following online 18+ features offered through the ecosystem:



Inside the ecosystem

 Tips (online or offline)  Private show  Private show (2-way)  Private spy  Enable premium features  Unlock photo albums - video clips  Access voyeur spy cams (pay-per-switch) x Premium memberships (not yet done)



Outside the ecosystem

JCN Wallet integrations To offer JCN tokens as an extra payment method solution to other 18+ entertainment companies.

With an easy API integration their customers will be able to pay by JCN.

Voyeur API integrations By offering live voyeur content as custom integrations for other 18+ entertainment it will be possible to use JCN as a payment token for payouts.



Partner integrations (JCN)

Partner integrations are extremely important to monetize live content, boost the usage of JCN Jizzcoins on a global scale and increase its valuation.

With blockchain technology it's possible to create 2-way partner integrations with companies providing 18+ products and services where JCN will be used as a decentralized ledger.



Voyeur API integrations

Custom integrations offer 18+ online entertainment companies an extra feature for their members and benefit from an extra revenue stream.



JCN Wallet integrations

Payment solution for companies offering 18+ online products and services to accept JCN for their customers.



Potential integration partners

* Porn tube sites (voyeur tab) * Member areas * Dating sites * Webcam sites

All integrations are customized and use JCN and smart contracts to be able to work outside the ecosystem



Other integrations

Integrate external products and services into our ecosystem to offer the members from our product sites extra entertainment value.

Scenario: Integrate live cam feeds from other cam companies.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 25 / 34



Sell JCN tokens

JCN tokens will be able to sell their JCN tokens on the crypto exchanges.



ROADMAP

Here you will find a detailed overview of our roadmap.

ICO dates



Month

January 2018

Jan 10st - Jan 20th Jan 20th - Feb 1st Feb 1sth - Feb 10th February 2018 April 2018



Event

ICO Announcement JCN - Jizzcoins ICO Start date Early Bird at pre-sale (25% bonus) Presale (15% bonus) Early Bird Crowdsale (10% bonus) Crowdsale End ICO JCN - Jizzcoins



Annual VIP event

Every year a VIP JCN - Jizzcoins event will be held on a secret location. The top 20 JCN coin holders will receive a free invitation to attend this 2-day event.

This unforgettable event will be held on a private and secured location filled with top-notch entertainment, wild parties, top DJs and of course adult stars.

During these two days we will present the latest developments, products, results and plans to give a detailed insight in our operation to our.

The first VIP JCN - Jizzcoins event is scheduled for November 2018 and will be announced once the JCN - Jizzcoins ICO is completed. Dates may change to better fit schedules.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 26 / 34



Operations and development

Here you find an overview of the operations and development roadmap from November 2017. For the years 2019 and 2020 we have added the targets we want to reach.



2017

November



Event

* Prepare the ICO (setup ico.jizzcoins.com) * Design the ICO JCN smart contracts * Beta test period Clickctrl.com (CPA offers) * Managed Voyeur location Brno (Czech Republic) operational



December



* JCN - Jizzcoins ICO site online ico.jizzcoins.com * Soft launch Villavoyeur.com running on a new middleware media server * Activate the free tokens feature * Create the JCN smart contracts



2018

January February

March April May



Event

* Deploy the JCN smart contracts * ICO and bounty marketing * Architecting the new streaming engine

* ICO and bounty marketing * Prepare the cloud server infrastructure for growth and scalability * Increase the localization of the product sites * Prepare the incorporation of the Amsterdam business unit * Development of the new scoring and gamification algorithms * Development of the new streaming engine

* ICO and bounty marketing * Attend EU/US conferences and trade shows for partnerships * Start hiring process of additional employees * Migration to the new streaming engine * Analyses of hardware requirements for remote voyeur locations

* End JCN - Jizzcoins ICO * JCN token enlisting initiated on Crypto Exchanges * Architecting and planning Vooyeur.com * Architecting and planning the Voyeur API * Deployment additional payment service provider

* Attend EU conferences and trade shows for partnerships * Development Vooyeur.com * Development voyeur API * Architecting the JCN Token Exchange * Integrate partner's live feeds into our 18+ ecosystem * Start hiring process of the Amsterdam business unit



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 27 / 34



June July August September

October November December



* Prepare the "Connect Your Location" plan

* Attend EU conferences and trade shows for partnerships * Development of the JCN Token Exchange * Beta testing Vooyeur.com * Plan to open 2nd managed voyeur location * Start hiring process for employees 2nd managed voyeur location * Architecting media dataset minting * Start the "Connect Your Location" plan

* Development of the JCN Token Exchange * Development media dataset minting algorithm * Prepare the 2nd managed voyeur location * Property scouting for remote voyeur locations (worldwide) * Beta testing Vooyeur.com

* Launch Vooyeur.com * Deployment media dataset minting algorithm * Start connecting remote voyeur locations * Property scouting for remote voyeur locations (worldwide) * Development of the JCN Token Exchange

* Launch of the voyeur API * Launch of the JCN Token Exchange * Property scouting for remote voyeur locations (worldwide) * Attend EU conferences and trade shows for partnerships * Architecting Boysocial.com * Architecting/development media pinning for models * Connect remote voyeur locations * Opening the Amsterdam office

* Development/deployment media pinning for models * Development Boysocial.com * Connect remote voyeur locations * Open the 2nd managed voyeur location

* Prepare the 2nd managed voyeur location * Connect remote voyeur locations * Start hiring process for Business Unit Prague * Activate the monthly competition Voyeur locations and residents * Architect Wheel of Action (on-site game) * Launch BoySocial.com

* Connect remote voyeur locations * Develop/deploy Wheel of Action (on-site game) * Open the Prague office * Architecting the JCN merchant API * Architecting mobile apps (iOS and Android) * Target: all our activities powered by blockchain technology



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 28 / 34



2019 2020



* Connect Remote Voyeur locations (North and South America) * Open Managed Voyeur locations (Amsterdam - Ibiza - Colombia) * To connect over 25 connected Voyeur locations worldwide on our streaming platform * JCN merchant API integrations active * 10% coverage of active Voyeur API integrations within the TOP 100 adult sites * Mobile Apps for iOS and Android active

* Number #1 live 18+ voyeur content provider * Have product site within range of TOP 50 adult sites * 25% coverage of active Voyeur API integrations within the TOP 100 adult sites * ClickCtrl.com within the range of TOP 50 CPA advertising platforms * Open Managed Voyeur locations (Los Angeles - Las Vegas - Miami) * To connect over 50 Voyeur locations worldwide on our streaming platform * JCN tokens as worldwide used 18+ token (through JCN merchant API integrations) * Open business unit North America * Porting live voyeur entertainment as TV format



Our main target for 2019 and 2020 is to connect and open worldwide remote and managed voyeur locations to provide the best 18+ live broadcasted entertainment and to integrate blockchain technologies within all our activities.

Each managed voyeur location will have its own dedicated team and model base and will function as a regional hub for other connected voyeur locations and models in that area.

By opening small business units in Brno, Prague (Czech Republic) and Amsterdam (The Netherlands) there will be enough human resources available to grow and give JCN tokens a bright future.

In the upcoming 2 years we want to give people and companies who participate in the JCN token sale a token that can grow in value backed by new innovative technology and high quality live entertainment.

Here are the highlights of what we try to accomplish in the upcoming two years:

 Boost our current product sites  Develop new product sites and features  Integrate blockchain technology in all our activities  Open managed voyeur locations and connect remote voyeur locations (total of 50)  Monetize live voyeur feeds on our product sites and partner sites  Provide a digital advertising platform for companies to get new leads  Built a decentralized organisation based on small business units  Fully functional JCN Exchange for all target groups (web, iOS and Android)  Platform where models and studios can monetize their photos, videos and live content  Become a Top 50 market player with and the #1 position with live 18+ voyeur content



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 29 / 34



 JCN - Jizzcoins as worldwide used token on 18+ entertainment sites and products through sophisticated merchant API integrations

 Porting live voyeur entertainment as an international TV format

Note: Our roadmap is fully scheduled but can always be modified based on the ICO token sale results.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 30 / 34



TEAM

At the moment Ctrl Venture is formed by a small effective team (operating from Brno - Czech Republic).

The founders have worked closely together since 2009. Each of them have years of experience under the belt in different roles and areas within the 18+ online entertainment, high-end development and digital marketing industry.

Sandro

CEO, founder (Dutch) Management, business development and product design

Sandro has been active in IT / development for 26 years and active with real-time communication technology since 2004



Jana

CFO - COO, founder (Slovak) Financial and organizational management

Jana has been active in model management and corporate finances for 8 years



Julien

CTO, founder (French) Business analysis, architecture, core development and technical team management

Julien has been professionally active in IT for more than 15 years in all kinds of verticals and industries



Jozef

Developer, founder (Slovak) Full-stack development and infrastructure management

Jozef has been professionally active in IT infrastructure and development for 6 years



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 31 / 34



Nick

Marketing and program manager (Belgian) Social media and sales management

Nick has been active in online digital marketing for 16 years



Petra

Content producer, (Canadian/Czech) Location management and content production

Petra has been active in content production for 2 years and is a professional make-up artist



Ctrl Venture's philosophy is to run all its activities with small dynamic teams of motivated and disciplined individuals who are able to work on location and/or remotely and can adapt quickly to the rapidly changing needs of the company.

We will initially open/expand business units in the following cities/countries:



City - Country

Brno Czech Republic

Prague Czech Republic

Amsterdam The Netherlands



Business units

Management, development, support, operations, content and locations Development, marketing, sales, support, content and locations Marketing and sales



Note: By opening extra (voyeur) locations and business units in other countries and cities we want to expand capacity to facilitate country specific markets.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 32 / 34



CONTACT INFORMATION



Office JCN token site

 ico.jizzcoins.com

Product sites

 www.jizz.xxx  www.villavoyeur.com  www.vooyeur.com (n/a)  boysocial.com babesocial.com (n/a)  blog.jizz.xxx - blog.villavoyeur.com

Broadcasting platform

 www.camctrl.com  blog.camctrl.com

Model recruitment

 jobs.villavoyeur.com  camgirl.agency  connect.vooyeur.com (n/a)

Partner program

 www.clickctrl.com  blog.clickctrl.com

Billing platform

 www.billingctrl.com

Corporate site

 www.ctrlventure.com



Address

Ctrl Venture SRO Nove Sady 988/2 60200 Brno Czech Republic

Email

 ico@jizzcoins.com

Instagram

 www.instagram.com/jizzcoins/

Facebook

 facebook.com/JCN-359078297852980

Twitter

 twitter.com/jcncoins

LinkedIn

 linkedin.com/company/jizzcoins

Debate and discuss

 https://t.me/jizzcoins  www.reddit.com/user/jizzcoins/  Bitcointalk (check our website

https://ico.jizzcoins.com)



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 33 / 34



LEGAL AND OTHER TERMS

Our company is fully complied with requirements of US Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law, also known as 18 U.S.C. 2257. We comply with all the regulations and labeling standards in industry.

All information provided on this document and on the ico.jizzcoins.com web site or the Ctrl platform is provided "AS-IS" and with no warranties.

No express or implied warranties of any type, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are made with respect to the information, or any use of the information, on this document, site of platform.

We make no representations and extend no warranties of any type as to the accuracy or completeness of any information or content on this document, website or platform.

We specifically DISCLAIM LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES and assume no responsibility or liability for any loss or damage suffered by any person as a result of the use or misuse of any of the information or content on this document, website of platform.

We assume or undertake NO LIABILITY for any loss or damage suffered as a result of the use, misuse or reliance on the information and content on this document or website.

Nothing contained in this document constitutes investment, legal or tax advice. Neither the information nor any opinion contained constitutes a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any securities, futures, options or other financial instruments.

Decisions based on information contained in this document or on the web site are the sole responsibility of the reader. We reserve the right to change terms and conditions at any time without prior notice.

IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE TO THE USER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST OR ANTICIPATED REVENUES OR PROFITS AND FAILURE TO REALIZE EXPECTED SAVINGS ARISING FROM ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY US WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY) OR OTHERWISE OR LIKELIHOOD OF THE SAME.



White Paper JCN - Jizzcoins Initial Coin Offering (v1.0)



page 34 / 34



