The first jewelry business network

White Paper

jNet1.co jNet1.com

2017 | Ver. 1.0



We have created and are developing an ecosystem of jewelry business on the basis of B2B and B2C platforms. The project's coin is secured by the value of the jewelry

itself and multiplied by a new level of jNet1 platform capabilities and the experience of our experts.

2! out of !25



Overview



About us



4



Industry problems



5



Market review



7



Product uniqueness and advantages



9



Project ecosystem



10



jNet1.PROMO (promotional platform)



11



PLEDGE.jNet1 platform for jewelry companies



12



International Investment Jewelry Trade House TRADE.jNet1



13



Crowd.jNet1 (crowdinvesting platform)



13



Antiq.jNet1 (antiques business platform)



13



Monetization



15



Business network jNet1



15



Add-ons



16



Interface



17



jNetCoin



18



ICO



19



Our team



21



Project implementation plan



24



!3 out of !25



About us

The Internet, as we know it, has gone through several stages in its evolution. At first, a person who considered himself a talented author (photographer, writer, artist), created a site for himself and filled it with interesting content. So there were first personal sites. All of them differed in design, in the way information was presented. The professionalism of the authors often was not enough, and the user needed quite a lot of time to find the site, understand its structure and get used to its contents. Many site creators were unable to understand the programming and administrating an Internet source in order to clearly indicate their presence on the Internet and convey their ideas to ordinary users.

Over time, the Internet offered services that simplified the task of selfexpression: LiveJournal was created for writers, stock services were created for photographers and artists, and various site constructors (such as Wix or A5) were created to automate the creation of sites. If we take LiveJournal as an example, the drawback of this stage of Internet evolution was that functions for creating and posting information were proposed, but the functions of interaction between users were limited and in fact the site was only a collection of articles and covered the needs of writers.

Today offers users participation in social networking sites. SNS like Facebook, Instagram, VK etc. allow users to easily place their own information, customize their feed, view information about interesting people and communities. Nowadays a famous person needn't create his own website as they can place all the necessary information on his Facebook page and make it instantly available to the whole world.

This is what services are available to individuals. But what about the business? Alas, business is at the previous stage. Private companies are compelled to follow the path of creating their own site, investing in its promotion, administering it and ensure the relevance of the design and the availability of the site for search engines.

We suggest going forth!

The business network acts similarly to the social network. If you look at business interaction in general terms, it has the same attributes as social interaction between individuals. An enterprise has general information (company name and logo, addresses, phone numbers and other contact details), a business offers its products and services, the company has partners (and it looks for new ones eagerly), there is a photo gallery, there is a newsfeed which is filled with new offers and sales, there are needs for employees, suppliers and services.

!4 out of !25



So, our goal is to provide business with everything you need right away. Let the jewelers think about the design of jewelry and its production, not about the administration of websites and the complex system of promotion in the search engines. Let the jewelers be engaged in the jewelry business while we take care of the IT infrastructure.

Industry problems

The problems of the industry and the tasks to be accomplished by the project

The three main problems that will be solved with the jNet1 platform

Problem 1. Obsolete and inefficient methods of working in the industry today.

Task: Optimization of business processes

B2B platform jNet1 It was created to solve business problems. Solution: Global association of jewelery business participants on a single Internet resource, optimization of business processes, speed and simplicity of search and interaction.

Problem 2. Weak conversion in the industry, indistinct formation of the proposal for the retail buyer, low sales, often unfair competition.

Task: Improvement of conversion and sales growth for sellers convenience and transparency for customers

The B2C-platform jNet1.PROMO is aimed at sellers and buyers of jewelry. Solution: Super-comfortable navigation for accurate and quick selection of jewelry. Fair competition. Blocking technology for the transparency of the origin of products. Honesty and openness of promotions and offers.

Problem 3. Absence of sufficient transparency and conditions for investing in the industry.

Task: Improvement of the investment attractiveness of the industry

B2B-Platform TRADE.jNet1 will be created for investors with the integration of Blockschine technology to create a transparent chain of actions for safe investment, where the investment will be provided by the value of jewelry, precious gems and metals. Solution: The International Investment Jewelry Trading House and the Lombard site for jewelry enterprises based on Blockchain.

!5 out of !25



International Investment Jewelry Trade House TRADE.jNet1

The use of Blockchain technology will allow investors to track the entire path from the origin of the jewelry, its creation and to the moment of its implementation. Thus, openness and transparency provides guarantees for the investor to track the transaction entirely, and the investment will be provided by the value of the jewelery itself (gems and metals).

Stages of tracking investment in the production and sale of jewelry and control points:

Placing an application for investment on the TRADE.jNet1

-> Receipt of investor's funds -> Purchase of metal (gold, platinum, silver), gems (diamonds, rubies, sapphires, emeralds, etc.) -> Placement of an order for a jewelery at a manufacturing plant (brand)> Examination of jewelry (testing and certification) -> Jewelry in a single registry with QR-code assignment -> Receipt of jewelry for sale (points of sale) -> Realization of jewelry (commissioner's report)> Return of investment with profit (end of transaction)

Lombard platform for jewelry companies The use of Blockchain technology will allow investors to track the whole process from the appearance of an application for investment, through the examination and evaluation of a pledge instrument (pool), obtaining a loan, buying back the collateral (settlement with interest) or selling it (if the borrower does not repay the collateral) and before the transaction is completed.

Stages of investment through the service "Lombard site for jewelry enterprises" and control points

Placing an application for an investment on PLEDGE.jNet1

-> Receiving an application from a potential borrower on PLEDGE.jNet1 platform -> Creation of a smart contract and receipt of investor funds for a smart contract -> Deposits (jewelery, precious metals and gems) -> Valuation and examination of the subject of collateral -> Transfer of funds to the borrower (under a smart contract) -> Return of borrowed funds with interest and receipt of collateral, or refusal to pay and, according to a smart contract, the sale of collateral at market value. -> Return on investment with profit (end of trade)

6! out of !25



Market review



The volume of the jewelry market shows steady growth and is projected to reach $ 250 billion by 20201:



260



+5-6% a year



195



130



65



0 2014



2015 2016 2017 2018 Market volume (forecast)



2019



2020



This trend indicates growing demand for jewelry in the world. Such situation in the jewelry market generates a huge interest in new ways of selling products, and as a result, those companies that pay much attention to innovations will capture large market shares. Thus, the emergence of a new innovative platform that brings together buyers and sellers will perfectly fit the growing market.



1 McKinsey Research, 2014, A multifaceted future: The jewelry industry in 2020. !7 out of !25



The analysis of the target audience of jewelry shows the need to introduce modern innovative ways of doing jewelry business.







Residents of large cities







31-50 years old







With a stable average income







Active SNS users



The main trends in the jewelry industry are:

The rapid increase in the number of jewelry stores

Great potential for jewelry market growth in the future

Usual Internet is replaced with IoT

Analyzing the average consumers who create growth in the market of branded jewelry, several types of buyers can be identified (based on the study of McKinsey).

1. The newly-rich consumers, who buy jewelry to show their newly acquired wealth;

2. Buyers of the middle class, whose acquisitions help them to feel belonging to a higher social group;

3. Young buyers seeking to express themselves through the selection of suitable adornments.

8! out of !25



There is a tendency of development of small brands that emphasize the uniqueness of jewelry and the special design of their products, which indicates the appearance of an increasing number of stores in the future.

Jewelry manufacturers can use digital media as a platform for conveying information and creating a unique image of the brand and building a strong relationship between the buyer and the seller. According to a recent study by McKinsey, two-thirds of wealthy consumers attributed themselves to those who prefer using online services of jewelry companies rather going traditional shopping while other respondents admitted that they often use online services for advice.

Product uniqueness and advantages

The main product of the company jNet1 after ICO is a full-scale international business-network site that unites almost all jewelry companies and their customers, regardless of location and ways of selling the product.

Platform features allow you to solve any actual business problem in 2-3 clicks online, no matter you are a enterprise manager or a category manager. Such a functional is revolutionary in the world's jewelry industry and unique in its offer and content.

The ergonomics and design of the platform, as well as the lack of advertising will allow users not to be distracted by extraneous information, but to focus on a specific business problem and the way of solving it.

Optimization of all business processes and unification of participants into the international jewelry market in a single Internet source is the main ideology of the jNet1 platform.

Our goal is to create an international ecosystem of jewelry business on the basis of blockchain technology with the release of our own cryptocurrency secured by jewelry and information technologies, proceeding from the basic principles of the jewelry business in order to improve the situation of both buyers and sellers. There is no such a platform in the world, which makes jNet1 easy to become a leader in this field.

The turnover of the jewelry business in the world is estimated at trillions of dollars. The number of professional participants is also very large, which potentially makes the platform extremely popular.

!9 out of !25



Project ecosystem

The basis for all projects and jNet1 ecosystem in whole is a completed and functioning B2B platform jNet1, which has the ability to integrate new addins of any complexity and access to a wide range of functional services.

We have compiled a systematized structure of the subjects of the jewelry business. The main participants of the business process with their needs were identified, as well as the main business objects.



Business actors



Jewellery manufactures



Stores



Jewelers and jewelry workshops



Suppliers of precious metals



Equipment suppliers Wholesalers



Suppliers of gems Designers



Consulting and legal support services

Mass media, jewelry exhibitions



Service providers Refining services



Business objects

Precious metals Gems and other inserts

Jewelry Services Equipment and consumables



!10 out of 2! 5



Main features of the platform



Analytics of content and search queries



A newsfeed with the possibility of customizing for specific goals

and tasks



A tracking service and a holding tenders service for the purchase and sale of goods and services



Careful search for goods and services (using specified

criteria and electronic cards of goods and services)



Instant search for counterparties by type of activity (suppliers and buyers)



The system of delivery of messages between platform

users



The system of publishing own catalogs in the database of the platform



Query for the offer system



Creation of subaccounts in various directions and categories (up to 20 to the main one), staff

control system



Platform features allow you to solve any actual business problem in 2-3 clicks online, no matter you are a enterprise manager or a category manager. Such a functional is revolutionary in the world's jewelry industry and unique in its offer and content.

The main principle of the platform development is the support of the ecosystem, which consists of numerous services added to the basic functionality.



jNet1.PROMO (promotional platform)

jNet1 project

The next project for implementation, dictated by business needs, is the creation of promotional platform, aimed at B2C-processes.

The idea of creating the project jNet1.PROMO is a revolutionary way to offer the end user (the buyer) to decide on jewelry in a few clicks. This system goes against the generally accepted method of choosing a jewelry product - to revise dozens of sites with hundreds of thousands of images. A different system of navigation, a huge amount of distracting advertising, low-quality images with low information content, as a rule, create chaos in the buyer's head, which makes an informed choice almost impossible.

!11 out of 2! 5



Our model for creating such a platform involves eliminating "unnecessary" offers by few click questions (similar to the platform navigation system like Apple Music).

Thus, within a few clicks, the platform cuts from the general database up to 98% of jewelry, which is simply a background or promotional item. Saving time and energy is enormous! The system (jNet1.PROMO platform) produces a clear result in the form of the best offers according to the criteria actually specified by the buyer in cooperation with the unique navigation system from jNet1.PROMO. Also, this service is unique, there are no analogues in the world.

At the same time, the result is absolutely competitive among the many jewelry suppliers that can freely compete with each other in the quantity and quality of their offers and services, which gives the advantage to the buyer - on one Internet resource to get the best offer for themselves actually online without the laborious process Studies of a variety of different sites with millions of product catalogs in different formats and ways of presenting information.

PLEDGE.jNet1 platform for jewelry companies

Additional add-on service

This service is a tool for replenishing the working capital of jewelry enterprises by attracting cryptocurrency under a smart contract that will be secured by a collateral in the form of jewelry, precious metals, gems and other assets.

As a rule, any jewelry enterprises have background balances of unrealized products (jewelry, materials, etc.), at the same time regularly enterprises face liquidity pressures and are in need of funding. In this service they first submit a public application specifying the required means, then jNetCoin is collected, then a deposit is made. A smart contract blocks funds until the platform stresses that the liquidation value of the collateral covers the loan amount. After confirmation, jNetCoin goes to the borrower's account and he uses them to pay with counterparties (or exchanges for fiat money).

Thus, the actual business task becomes solved, and the pledge is returned to the enterprise without losses (without melting, selling at a price below the market, etc.).

!12 out of 2! 5



International Investment Jewelry Trade House TRADE.jNet1

Add-on

Creation of a network of branches of wholesale jewelry sales offices, where the Trade House will assume the function of an operator between investors, jewelry manufacturers and buyers. Based on the sales analytics in different locations (various world markets), the operator (Trade House) uses invested money (investment in jNetCoins under a smart contract protecting investors), makes wholesale purchase of raw materials for the production of jewelry, pays the work costs, delivers (the movement of jewelry is reflected in a block of the chain and will be used in a smart contract) finished products to their branches, after which, using the marketing strategy, sells products with the margin. In this scheme, investors' money is secured by the value of the jewelry itself, as precious metals and gems have a liquid value on the world stock exchanges (the London Stock Exchange and diamond stock exchanges on the price list of RAPAPORT).

The purpose of creating such a trading house with a network of branches and offices around the world is in the possibility of private investment with revenues from part of the sales margin for the goods, the creation of a large wholesale jewelry international operator based on the jNet1 basic technology, in the form of an add-on - Jewelry International Trade House.

Crowd.jNet1 (crowdinvesting platform)

Add-on

Investments on the basis of its own payment system, with the purpose of promoting and implementing promising projects of related design with the jewelry business, proposed by the platform clients (partners in the future).

The launch of new promising projects on the market with appropriate trend trends with high potential. In fact, the creation of a database of the latest developments, with their introduction into the market on a competitive basis. Integration of such new projects into the basic technology of the jNet1 platform.

Antiq.jNet1 (antiques business platform)

Add-on

Theantiques business platform has something related with the jewelry business, although a fairly large number of directions in antiques are separate. The system of association of all participants of the antiquarian business corresponds to the technology created and implemented on the

!13 out of 2! 5



jNet1 platform. Antiquarian business is extremely ramified and has a large number of directions and participants: from collectors and dealers to auction houses, private investors and experts.

This platform with the developed system of interaction between its subjects (participants) in different languages and with the unification of international standards and terms will allow to expand the scope of antiquarian business and methods of delivery of messages and obtain information about goods and services, which will lead to more efficient work.

This will optimize time and labor costs, and with the support of experts of this business will increase the transparency and quality of transactions. The annual turnover of this market is estimated at billions of dollars.

Invest.jNet1 (service of selling gems and metals to individuals)

Add-on

It is quite difficult for a private buyer (investor) to find an opportunity to purchase precious metals and gems, as in the jewelry market such an opportunity exists only for companies that have a jewelry license (a map for setting up a special account) that buy raw materials at wholesale prices.

A private investor in the domestic market can only buy a finished product, which includes added value, taxes and much more, which makes an unattractive purchase for investment purposes. Also, the private investor is not protected from falsification and incorrect estimation of precious metals and gems (metal test, characteristics of gems, etc.). When buying gold bars and coins in banks, VAT is added to the price, which again creates losses of 18 percent already at the stage of acquisition (investment).

The service, developed on the basis of the jNet1 platform, Invest.jNet1, implies the production (production) of gold bars of various samples and scales (for example, a gold bar with a denomination of 10 grams of 585 samples), which are identified as a jewelry product - "suspension" Description of the precious product, approved and not having a price of 18% VAT. This product actually has no added value, does not contain VAT, is clearly identified, approved by the State Chamber of Assay Supervision and, most importantly, has a liquid value close to the price of gold scrap. Such a product is easy to transfer into money, selling it through the purchase of precious metals, without violating the current legislation.

!14 out of 2! 5



The different denominations of 100 ingots offer a wide range of demand, both for gifts and for private investment. Some of the ingots of precious metals can 75 contain gems, confirmed by certificates. The purchase of such ingots with gem inserts eliminates the additional mark-up of retail 50 chains and intermediaries, which is also attractive for private investment.

25



This service will be integrated



into the basic technology of jNet1,



based on the B2C process.



0



50 000 Jewelers in Russia



80% use free accounts

20% use premium accounts



Monetization



5 000 users of jNet1.ru

10% conversion rate, that was proved in practice, was used in calculation



Business network jNet1



The business network jNet1 is monetized by a successfully proven



$1,200,000 revenue



freemium scheme with paid accounts with an average $100 purchase



with the possibility of using the



enhanced platform functionality:



- support staff and monitor their actions,



- access closed analytics,



- import and automatically maintain catalogs,



- maintain a page on the platform (there is no need to run your site for



a private jeweler).



In addition, the platform earns on the built-in marketing promotion:



- delivery of commercial messages to the target group,



- promotion of products in the search for proposals for goods and



services,



- highlighting, raising in the results of search queries.



In Russia, about 50,000 jewelry manufactures are large and medium-



sized producers, private jewelers. Also in this number were included



related businesses: packaging, design, exhibitions, etc. The market is



rather conservative, which explains a small amount of innovation on it. In



our case, this affects the conversion when the user is involved. By



experience, the registration ratio in the target audience was determined at



about ten percent. At the moment, the network has 2,000 registered



users with a marketing coverage of 20,000, which also confirms the



1! 5 out of 2! 5



theory. Conversion inside the platform is higher and is 20% - one in five purchases a paid account with a final average check of $ 100.

Thus, only in Russia in a year the revenue in this direction will reach $ 1,200,000. After connecting to the service companies from the world's leading countries, this figure is projected to have a growth potential of more than 50 times.

Add-ons

1) jNet1.promo Monetization of the trading platform jNet1.PROMO is based on the commission model of the marketplace. Revenues will directly depend on the turnover of trade, only at the initial stage is estimated at $ 80,000 monthly. In addition, the site will have the opportunity for a variety of marketing promotions for consumer products and services. Representatives of retail chains who participated in our presentations expressed their readiness to allocate an average of $ 1000 per month for jNet1.promo marketing services. We assume that this amount is acceptable for a participant in the TOP-100 list (some of which are already clients of jNet1), we come to the target revenue for this segment of $ 1,200,000 per year. After connecting to the service of enterprises from the leading countries of the world, this figure can be increased by tens of times, in proportion to the growth of users. The total revenue at the initial stage is estimated at $ 2,160,000 per year. 2) Pawn platform The "Lombard platform" service will allow you to receive 25-50% of the invested amount for 6 months with the required investments, so you can earn from 50% per year. 3) International Investment Jewelry Trade House TRADE.jNet1 International Jewelry Trade House will allow to receive 20-30% of the invested amount for 10-12 months, so you can earn from 30% per year.

4) Crowd.jNet1 The introduction and active use of the Crowd.jNet1 service will increase the capitalization of JNetCoin, which ultimately will affect the growth and development of the entire jNet1 ecosystem. Statistically, the value of the token has a quadratic positive dependence on the number of users. In addition, the expected cash flow from the introduction and launch of investment services for individuals in precious metals and gems, as well as services to provide enhanced analytics.

!16 out of 2! 5



Interface

At the moment, the jNet1.ru platform is fully ready - a basic technology with the ability to integrate new add-ins of any complexity and access to a wide range of functional services. Due to this, continuous development of the service is achieved.



The platform with add-ons is a whole ecosystem, united by the jNet1 brand. jNet1 is a registered trademark of ROSPATENT under the number 617322, which belongs to VENEDA LLC, the leading developer of the platform.



Basic technology is configured for b2b processes. Since the launch of the project, the number of users has been steadily growing.



Anyone can become a member of the platform right now, having passed the registration and identification procedure on the site jNet1.ru, and having access to their working account, becoming a full participant in the global business process.



Localization for English allowed to expand the geography of participants around the world. The data conversion system provided an accurate translation of standards and jewelry terms for any participant of the international business network jNet1.



Work table interface with analytics on jNet1



Here are its main opportunities for participants: - system analytics of content and search queries, - a news line with the possibility of individual customization for specific purposes and tasks,



1! 7 out of 2! 5



- a system for tracking and holding tenders for the purchase and sale of goods and services, - accurate search for goods and services (according to the specified criteria according to electronic cards of goods and services), - instant search of counterparties by types of activity (suppliers and buyers), - system for delivery of system and commercial messages between users of the platform, - the system of publishing its own catalogs in the database platform, - the system of requests for supply, - creation of subaccounts in the directions and categories up to 20 to the main one, the personnel control system.

Platform features allow you to solve any actual business problem in 2-3 clicks online, no matter you are a enterprise manager or a category manager. Such a functional is revolutionary in the world's jewelry industry and unique in its offer and content.

The ergonomics and design of the platform, as well as the lack of advertising will allow users not to be distracted by extraneous information, but to focus on a specific business problem and the way of solving it.

jNetCoin

The payment system jNet1 is based on the JNetCoin token, released on the basis of Waves blockchain. The difference from other tokens lies in the fact that the platform is already working and the token is created only to expand and improve its functionality, unlike other projects that promise to create the product sometime later.

Thanks to the technology of the block, the following basic functionality of the token will be implemented:

- payments for all services of the platform users will be made in jNetCoin. The cost is fixed in jNetCoin, so the development of the platform will increase the value of its services to customers, which will lead to the growth of the course of JNetCoin

- secure transactions between platform participants through the use of smart contracts

- simplification of the procedure for payment for goods due to the possibility of mutual settlement of participants in the currency of the platform, implying minimal bureaucratization of the payment process

1! 8 out of 2! 5



- the possibility of financing partner projects with the help of jNetCoin, as well as the possibility of raising funds for the implementation of ideas

The value of tokens, like any currency, is determined by the willingness of people to accept them in payment for their goods and services. A stable turnover of jNetCoin on the jNet1 platform will ensure the availability of liquidity on the exchanges, which will allow the token to develop outside the platform on third-party sites. Jewelry stores and other industry participants will be able to make mutual settlements using jNetCoin, thereby benefiting from the speed and simplicity of transactions, as well as in PR and self-promotion through involvement in a popular trend.

JNetCoin will initially be traded on the DEX exchange and will be available for exchange within the Waves client for all liquid cryptocurrencies (BTC, ETH, Waves), as well as for fiat money (USD, EUR and RUB). After the ICO, JNetCoin will be listed on several crypto-exchanges with a gradual increase in their number with an increase in trading volume. Also, integrated options for buying and selling tokens directly from the platform will be added.



ICO



preICO starts August 16, 2017 preICO ends September 30, 2017   preICO token amount is 1 000 000 tokens jNetCoin amount is 10 000 000 tokens



1% 2%



JnetCoin Distribution 10 %

20 % 30 %



ICO is carried out with two main



objectives: putting the JNetCoin token into circulation and attracting



36 %



funds for the development of the



ecosystem of this token on the



jNet1 site (promo site for jewelry



PreICO



ICO



SCO



Advisory board



trade jNet1.Promo, payment



Bounty



Team



system JNetCoin, service for



tracking precious metals, gems and



jewelry on Based on Blockchain technology).



A total of 10,000,000 JNetCoin tokens will be released, the possibility of further emission will be intentionally irrevocably blocked with the provision



!19 out of 2! 5



of public evidence. Up to 20% of the issue remains the team, another 1% bounty and 2% Advisory Board. The bulk of the tokens are distributed through three phases of the ICO.

The first stage, preICO, will be held in August-September 2017. It will sell 1 000 000 JNetCoin at a discount of 90% at a price of 0.0001 BTC. These funds will be used to develop the platform, basic integration of the token and financing of advertising and marketing of subsequent stages of the ICO.

The second stage, ICO, will be held in October-November 2017. It will be put up for sale 3 000 000 JNetCoin with a 50% discount at a price of 0.0005 BTC. These funds will be used to develop the platform, the development of the JNetCoin payment system, the development and creation of the Crowd.jNet1 service based on the jNet1 platform, the creation of the jNet.promo trading platform, the development of a service for tracking jewelry based on Blockchain technology, the preparation for launching the service "Lombard site ", Preparation for the launch of the service" International Investment Jewelry Trade House TRADE.jNet1 ". Part of the budget will be spent on marketing and international expansion of the jNet1 business network with the goal of increasing the number of active users of the business network from 1500 to 10 000.

The overall goal for the ICO is 1500 BTC, including bonuses.



Bonus amount



30 % 22,5 %

15 % 7,5 %



30%



Bonus system for early investors



20%



10%



0% <300



<500



<1000



Sales volume, BTC



>1000



The third stage, SCO, will be carried out during the implementation of the planned projects and the achievement of KPIs established by the number of active platform users and internal turnover of JNetCoin. The price will be determined by market quotes, at the same time it is guaranteed that the price will not be less than 5 times the cost of



!20 out of 2! 5



JNetCoin at ICO, that is not less than 0.0025 BTC. More specific details of the SCO will be determined at a later date, subject to the following rules:

-additional sale will create an excess of supply, and hence the risk of lower market quotations. The mechanism of SCO should maximize this risk in order to protect the rights of investors ICO (for example, by stretching the process over time).

-SCO will be conducted in the presence of actual results achieved on the implementation of ICO funds. This will ensure the highest cost of tokens on SCO and high market quotes.

- any investor preICO and ICO gets the opportunity to exit the project by selling their tokens centrally to SCO, and its tokens will take precedence over the unallocated tokens of the project.

Our team

The large accumulated experience associated with the jewelry industry, as well as a deep understanding of market needs and the ability to properly implement the project's objectives - these are the qualities that will help the jNet1 ecosystem become the leading and leading platform in the jewelry market of the B2B market.

Ryzhevsky Evgeny

Founder, co-owner, CEO / executive

Evgeny is the founder of the jNet1 project. Beginning his career in the jewelry industry in 2002, being a master of jewelry production, Eugene already in 2007 successfully created his own jewelry production and successfully developed the brand.At the moment Evgeny is an expert in the jewelry industry of Russia and is engaged in the development of a project of one of the leaders of this industry.

2! 1 out of 2! 5



Kaplun Dmitry

CBDO / Business development

Dmitry is a director for the development of the jNet1 project. Having over 20 years of experience in creating federal chains of jewelry stores, Dmitry opened more than 100 stores in 14 cities of Russia. He personally organized the holding's operational activities, logistics, negotiated with the producers. Organized the participation of a group of specialists at industry jewelry exhibitions in Russia and abroad. In 2012 he won the national contest "Reliable Partner.

Timoshenko Dmitry

CTO / Technical

Dmitry is the technical manager of the jNet1 project. Having received a higher technical education, Dmitry was able to realize his potential on the projects of the electronics market leaders, was engaged in technical support of projects in Russia and abroad. Has a wide experience of running applications and project management. Has certificates: Oracle Certified Professional, SUN Ceritified System Administrator. Debugging of interaction with MSC Alcatel, Ericsson, Siemens, Lucent, Huawei, Strom, ITP Cisco

Bordyugov Anatoliy

Investment consultant

Anatoly is a investment consultant of the project. Having over five years of experience in the financial sector, as well as work experience in the international consulting company KPMG, helps to attract investments for the projects of market leaders, since 2016 also takes part in projects related to blockade technologies, their withdrawal to the ICO. As a member of the delegation of the New Economic School, Anatoly took part in the St. Petersburg Economic Forum in 2017 on the topic of the digital economy of the Russian Federation.

2! 2 out of 2! 5



Orlov Evgeniy

Co-owner, CFO / Financial

Evgeny is CFO of the project. In 2005 he graduated from the Modern Humanitarian Academy with a degree in Economics. Has 16 years experience in various businesses. The founder of a law firm specializing in valuation. Since 2015, he started financing the project jNet1. He is also the financial director in Veneda LLC, a software developer. Participated in 2016 GVA launch gurus program for business angels.

Nurullov Vagiz

Marketing and PR consultant

Vagiz is a consultant in marketing and PR in the project. Having worked in one of the leaders of the banking industry,Vagiz continued his career in a consulting boutique dealing with strategic development and integrated project support.The portfolio of projects includes such successful cases as expansion to the market of one of the taxi-aggregators, a strategy for developing a retail supermarket chain. Currently he participates in several projects related to blockchain technology at the ICO stage.

Advisory Board

Peter Korda

Adviser on entering the international market

Peter is a Co-founder of one of the oldest groups of jewelry companies in Europe, a recognized expert of the jewelry market, a regular participant of international jewelry exhibitions.He will play the role of adviser on the entering the European and international market. One of the problems in the business interaction of different locations, he considers the language barrier. In his opinion, the platform has perfectly solved this problem by unifying the standards of the jewelry industry.

2! 3 out of 2! 5



Dmitry Machikhin

Adviser on legal issues

Dmitry specializes in legal support of start-ups and crypto-currency projects,has the experience in international business construction and ICO legal support. Dmitry is a Member of the Association of Lawyers of Russia, Senior Partner of GMT Legal,also he is the author of numerous articles related to cryptoand blockchain topics. Dmitry is a consultant and an expert of the start-accelerator GVA LaunchGurus.

Project implementation plan

Roadmap of the jNet1 ecosystem developing

!24 out of 2! 5



Conclusion

White paper clearly demonstrated the essence of the project jNet1, described its technological and marketing strategy. The reader could independently verify the platform's innovativeness, as well as get to know the project team more closely. Having familiarized with the market research and the lack of actors in this industry, we can understand the investment attractiveness of the project, and learn why the founders chose this method of financing. An important part of the document is a detailed description of the technological part of the project, process of platform development, the methods of financing, the functionality of smart contracts and the financial plan of the project.

The project implementation plan helps to assess the prospects for the development of the project and see how the team is going to bring the product to the market and improve it with respect to market demands and technology development.

Taking into account the technological part of the project, the capabilities of the team, as well as its experience in this industry, we can conclude that jNet1 is an excellent investment opportunity for those who believe in implementing the idea with technologies that the project is based on, team experience in the jewelry industry and a plan which you could familiarize yourself with earlier.

We are looking forward to seeing you at jNetCoin ICO.

Best wishes, jNet1 Team

2! 5 out of 2! 5



