KAL A: an Ethereum-based Token for a Complete Digital Economy



CONTENTS



Legal Notice



3



Abstract



5



1. Introduction



6



 The Problem



7



 The Solution



7



 The Opportunity



8



2. The Symatri Vision



9



 Our Mission



10



 CORE



11



 A New Digital Currency



12



 Inherent Value



12



 The Kala Economy



13



3. Building a Digital Economy inside Symatri



14



 About Symatri and Currency



15



 Why Kala is Different



16



 The Kala ITO



16



 Core Activities



17



 Example App Downloads



18



 Example Offer Trial



18



 Example Video View



18



 Example Trial Subscription



18



 LIFT: Small Acts, Big Impact



19



4.! REACH Marketplace



20



 Corporate Partners



22



 Products  Gift Cards



22



22



1



 Retail Rewards



22



5. Donee International



23



6. The Kala Token



25



 Purpose and Characterization



26



 Implementation



26



 Smart Contract



26



 Kala Exchange Rate



27



 Kala Market Flow



28



 Supply Strategy



29



 Token System & Details



29



 Wallet



29



7. ITO Details



30



 Kala Token Issuance



31



 Token Allocations & Supply Schedule



31



 Symatri Reserve



32



 Initial Token Offering



32



 Pre-sales



31



 Public Crowd Sale



31



 Fund Allocations & Future



Developement



31



 Safety of Funds



32



8. Execution Plan



34



 Operational Timeline



35



 Symatri Growth Projections



36



9. Conclusion



37



10. Founding Team & Advisors



39



11. References



42



2



LEGAL NOTICE

NO OFFERS OF SECURITIES, ADVICE, OR SOLICITATION

This white paper is intended for informational purposes only. It is not intended to be investment advice, solicitation of any kind, nor an endorsement. Any decisions or actions taken on the basis of information presented in this white paper, the Symatri or Kala website, or other content is done at your own risk and discretion.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain information set forth in this white paper includes forward-looking information regarding the future of the project, future events, and projections. These statements may be identified by but not limited to words and phrases such as "will", "estimate", "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", or words of similar meaning. Such forward-looking statements are also included in other publicly available materials such as videos, blog posts, etc. Information contained in this white paper constitutes forward- looking statements and includes, but is not limited to:

1. The projected performance of the project.

2. Completion of the campaign.

3. The expected development of the project.

4. Execution of the project`s vision and strategy.

The forward-looking statements involve a variety of risks and uncertainties. Should any of these risks or uncertainties materialize, the actual performance and progress of Symatri products/platforms might differ from expectations set by the forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and no undue reliance should be placed on them. Symatri undertakes no obligation to update forward-looking statements if circumstances change. By acting upon forward-looking information received from the white paper, Symatri websites and other materials produced by Symatri, you bear full responsibility in the case of forward-looking statements not materializing.

NO GUARANTEES

There is no guarantee that the Symatri platforms will be a success. Similarly, there is no guarantee that the value of Kala Tokens will rise. You are advised to thoroughly assess the risks and uncertainties involved before making any decisions. No promises in terms of token value or future performance are made.

3



EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY



Symatri makes no representations or warranties whatsoever and disclaims all liability and responsibility to the maximum extent of the law for any statement or informative material communicated. The Symatri team takes all reasonable steps to ensure the integrity and accuracy of information communicated.



REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES FOR THE READER



Upon taking action on the basis of information presented in this white paper, Symatri or Kala websites, or other content produced by Symatri, you confirm that:



 This white paper, the Symatri or Kala website, or any other material produced by Symatri is not an offering, solicitation or prospectus of any kind.



 Symatri is exempted from any direct or indirect liability to the maximum extent of the law.



 Kala Tokens are not regarded as securities in any jurisdiction and that Kala is classified as a utility token.



 You have a good understanding of the key components of blockchain technology and understand how blockchains operate. In addition, you fully understand how to use blockchain wallets, including safeguarding private keys.



 You are aware of risks in the cryptocurrency industry and are able to bear potential losses in full.



 You are not expecting to earn profits in



any form.



4



ABSTRACT



Kala is an Ethereum-based token that will integrate seamlessly within the Symatri ecosystem. Unlike many other cryptocurrencies, it will have inherent value from the onset. The Kala economy is simple: 1) Members earn points for completing simple activities through our revolutionary CORE platform, 2) they transfer those points to Kala, 3) they use Kala in the REACH marketplace, which offers a vast array of products and services, from highly discounted goods like those found at overstock sites, to gift cards, discount travel services, and more. With our Social Membership Network, Symatri harnesses the power of word of mouth marketing by connecting businesses and the influence of individuals across the world through a revolutionary, empowering system. Kala is the next logical step in fostering a vibrant community that can induce massive change, one individual at a time.



Disclaimer: The information in this document is subject to change or update without notice and should not

be construed as a commitment by Symatri.

This document and parts thereof must not be reproduced or copied without Symatri's written permission, and contents thereof must not be imparted to a third party nor be used for any unauthorized purpose.

5



1

INTRODUCTION



THE PROBLEM

1. Financial Uncertainty

The economic crisis of 2008 rocked the whole world, and many cannot shake the fear that something like that may happen again. Yet far too many people don't have a clear roadmap to financial freedom and security--whether that is the family who always seems to have too much month at the end of the paycheck, the single mother working her fingers to the bone to cover basic necessities, or the two-income family who has just enough for the present and no wiggle room for the future. Or maybe it's those who simply don't have the information or resources to move beyond "just scraping by". These stories and hundreds like them are all too familiar. The truth is that existing in financial survival mode stunts growth and happiness, and restricts people from progressing and fully realizing their potential.



2.Declining Marketing Effectiveness

As time and technology progress, traditional advertising is becoming more and more obsolete. Businesses are also finding it increasingly difficult to gather the feedback so essential to adjusting products and services for the marketplace. They devote time and resources to finding the perfect consumer, but with previous methods no longer working, companies are searching for alternatives.

"With the fall of trust, the majority of respondents now lack full belief that the overall system is working for them."



In addition, people aren't sure it will get better. The 2017 Edelman Trust Barometer reveals that the general population's trust in all four key institutions -- business, government, NGOs, and media -- has declined broadly. "With the fall of trust, the majority of respondents now lack full belief that the overall system is working for them." 1



7



THE SOLUTION

Symatri has recognized these two problems, and created a revolutionary way to solve both of them at the same time. With our mutually beneficial solution, we help businesses reach target markets while helping people build financial freedom and security.



THE OPPORTUNITY



Increasing social media use and global reach, the decline of traditional advertising effectiveness, and technological advances all combine for an unparalleled opportunity to reach global markets and connect them with products and services in a natural, organic way--and create earning potential, promote growth, and improve people's lives.



Symatri connects the multi-billion-dollar Mobile



Apps, Products, and Service Industry with



individuals participating in social media around



the world, in a simple and mutually beneficial



ecosystem. The addition of the Kala economy



is a natural expansion to this remarkable



opportunity. This white paper will explain how



the integration of the Kala token into the



Symatri Ecosystem expands the community



and opportunity for even more people.



8



2

THE SYMATRI VISION



Symatri was created to help people achieve some financial breathing room so they can reach for something better.

The concept of symmetry has timeless appeal, and is important in mathematics, science, nature, architecture, music, the arts, and literature. Symmetry refers to a sense of balance, proportion, and harmony.

Sym- means together or with We believe that there is a unique strength when we work together, which creates powerful synergy and momentum. Together, we can accomplish more than we can by ourselves.

Tri means three Our vision is to help people around the world have financial security through the convergence of the three key components of Symatri-- CORE, REACH, and Kala. These, just like the vertices of a triangle, work together in a winning system for our Members. The triangle is one of the strongest shapes structurally, able to maintain its integrity under pressure. All three of Symatri's components work together in a strong, unified system.

OUR MISSION



Symatri's mission is to induce massive change around the globe by providing trusted, reliable, diversified ways to earn; to instill hope through opportunity; to build confidence through reliability; to create community through partnerships and support; to inspire people to dream again by building a clear roadmap to financial freedom. Our ultimate goal is to change the world one Member at a time.



Under a different name, our company began with the vision of helping families around the world find financial freedom and reach their dreams. We developed a platform that can be white labeled, and launched it within one niche demographic. That one simple concept has now blossomed into a worldwide movement in that single vertical alone, with more than 300,000 Members in over 140 countries.



This success is due to a single, innovative idea: that we can harness



the power of word of mouth marketing and create a mutually beneficial



relationship that bridges the gap between consumer and business,



thus making a difference in both worlds. This idea is poised to disrupt



the advertising/marketing industry, and future applications in other



industries are virtually unlimited.



10



Our company began with the vision of helping families around the world find financial freedom and reach their dreams.



CORE

CORE (Compensation On Real Efforts) is the unique system in which users have the ability to earn by completing simple activities, like taking surveys, testing products or services, downloading apps, playing games, watching videos, writing reviews, and more. In return, businesses gain valuable feedback and reach markets in a fresh, organic way.



Symatri has partnered with businesses around the globe to bring thousands of offers to our Members, and we are in negotiations with even more businesses and suppliers. In fact, companies are now approaching us, wanting to take part.



People are already on social media, networking with others and sharing their opinions. Studies show that they would love to get something in return. In a National Harris Poll Survey, 88% of Americans say they would like some sort of incentive (money, products or service, loyalty points, early access, swag) for sharing a product via social media or email. That number jumps to 95% among 18-to-34-year-olds.2



With our licensed system, people will be rewarded for what they're already doing. Members will earn points on CORE activities and can earn commissions on referrals. The points will be redeemable in the REACH marketplace for discounted products, services, and gift cards.

11



Technology now links the globe, creating new, continually evolving ways of connecting, communicating, and doing business. Add to that rapidly developing blockchain technology and we are witnessing the start of a fundamental change to entire business models. Symatri is poised to become a leader in this new space.

With the increasing momentum of decentralized, blockchain-based networks such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, customized digital ecosystems are also growing and thriving. At this time, we have the unprecedented opportunity to create a world-wide community where all members can be rewarded. And with our LIFT program, they will be able to contribute toward charitable causes. It's not just about making money; the Symatri community is about making a difference in one's own life while supporting and helping others.

A NEW DIGITAL CURRENCY

Symatri has already experimented with a rudimentary form of digital currency with our current point system, where users can earn and spend a centralized digital currency. We are now taking the next step in our vision to build a vibrant community in creating a new cryptocurrency token: Kala (KALA). Kala is designed to bring people together in a new shared economy.

12



INHERENT VALUE

Kala will have an inherent value not found in other cryptocurrencies, because it can be used to purchase a wide variety of products and services on the REACH marketplace. Symatri is consistently adding new products and services to REACH, so Kala can be spent on a growing number of items. In addition, after we launch our Retail Rewards program, when someone shops online through several partnered online retailers, they can get back a percentage of what they spend through e-rebates and "cash back" offers.

THE KALA ECONOMY

The Kala economy will be based on the same mutually beneficial system that drives CORE. Individuals are rewarded in points for sharing their opinion. They can then exchange those points for Kala that can be used for a wide variety of products and services in the REACH marketplace, thereby enjoying a tangible reward for their efforts. People are incentivized to participate, and as word-of-mouth spreads, others will want to join. As more people become part of our community, businesses will offer more CORE activities that Members can do to earn Kala, in a winning cycle. These economic incentives at the center of the Kala economy will ensure that all participants can ultimately benefit.

As befits the decentralized inspiration behind blockchain technology, the Kala economy will be widely accessible. It's estimated there are approximately two billion individuals with access to the Internet or mobile phones who don't have access to traditional exchange systems.3 The merging of CORE, REACH, and Kala cryptocurrency offers a unique opportunity for these individuals to participate in the Symatri Ecosystem.

13



3

BUILDING A DIGITAL ECONOMY

INSIDE SYMATRI



ABOUT SYMATRI & CURRENCY

Symatri burst onto the scene with incredible growth from the beginning, when we launched with one vertical on Oct. 15, 2016 under a different company name. Our accessible and simple platform resulted in explosive interest and growth.

ENROLLMENTS

Symatri is uniquely positioned in the marketplace, with over 300,000 Members in over 140 countries. The size of our user base, global demographics, and business partnerships create a distinctive community where cryptocurrency may be introduced, adopted, and used. The points system that we have been using suggests that Symatri users are open to digital currency, and that people do not need to master a special level of technological knowledge to participate.

POINTS EARNED PER MONTH

15



WHY KALA IS DIFFERENT

Inherent Value - What makes any medium of exchange valuable is whether or not

owners can use it to for real world transactions. Unlike other cryptocurrency tokens, Kala will have inherent value from the onset because it can be spent on a wide array of products and services on our REACH marketplace.



Proof of Effort  Kala makes cryptocurrency accessible to anyone with internet

access with our unique way of "mining" through Proof of Effort, rather than Proof of Work (like Bitcoin) or Proof of Stake (like Ethereum is considering). The process is simple-- complete activities through our CORE platform and earn CORE points, then transfer those into Kala. No roomful of servers, no expensive buy-in to mining pools. Anyone with a computer or smartphone can participate.



Existing Ecosystem  You don't have to wait for a platform to be built in order to

participate in the Kala Economy. CORE and REACH are both existing platforms that are being used, tested, and improved before integrating Kala. As Symatri expands its ecosystem, the economic possibilities for users are heightened.



AN EARNABLE REWARD

Kala will be a completely earnable token by anyone within the Symatri ecosystem through completing simple CORE activities. It doesn't take special knowledge or equipment; anyone with a computer or smartphone can participate.



CORE is a user-friendly platform, tailored toward each Member's specific demographic.



It walks users through the best offers for them, so they can earn the highest rewards for



their efforts.



16



In our beta testing of CORE, thousands of people have been participating. 17



CORE ACTIVITIES

Symatri has partnered with businesses around the globe to bring thousands of offers to our community of Premium and Free Members, who have the ability to earn by completing simple CORE activities, like:

 App Downloads  Offer Trials  Surveys  Email Submits  Video Views  And More

EXAMPLE APP DOWNLOADS

EXAMPLE OFFER TRIAL

EXAMPLE VIDEO VIEW

EXAMPLE TRIAL SUBSCRIPTION

18



"We rise by lifting others."  Robert Ingersoll



LIFT: Small Acts, Big Impact

Symatri wouldn't exist without the giveback mentality. Our entire mission centers on lifting, encouraging, and empowering. Because of this, we have incorporated this mentality into our CORE activities and will roll out in the near future a simple way for the Symatri community to give back and make a difference in the world through our LIFT (Leave Inspiration for Today) program.

Certain CORE activities will be labeled as LIFT activities. When a Member completes that activity, a large portion of earned proceeds will be added to the Symatri LIFT Fund. Every quarter, Symatri will hold a charity event using those proceeds to lift, lighten, and love those in need. If everyone in the community does a little, together we can do a lot.



19



4

REACH MARKETPLACE



REACH MARKETPLACE

REACH (Redeem and Achieve) is the ultimate Kala redemption center, and will be open to anyone that uses Kala. To reach means to move toward, extend toward, or stretch out for something. It also means to arrive at a destination. Reaching is both an action and a result.

REACH is more than a marketplace; it's where our Members enjoy the benefits and reap the rewards of their work through CORE, and where Kala users can spend Kala. The REACH marketplace houses a vast array of products and services, from highly discounted goods like those found at overstock sites, to gift cards, discount travel services, and more. We are also consistently adding products and services to REACH, to make it as robust as possible.

CORPORATE PARTNERS

21



Symatri has partnered with businesses to stock the REACH marketplace and provide users with products and services, that will all be available for purchase with Kala.

PRODUCTS

A variety of products at discounted prices are available on REACH, so our Members can get great deals on their purchases.

GIFT CARDS

REACH also contains the most versatile of purchases  gift cards to retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Apple, Google Play, Target, Nike, and more.

RETAIL REWARDS



Soon, people will be able to shop through our Retail Rewards portal and earn a certain percentage back on their online shopping at thousands of online retailers. This benefit alone provides immense value.

For example:

According to Forbes, the average holiday shopper planned to spend $1,175 on gifts in 2016. If a person spent that $1,175 through our Retail Rewards portals and received 5% back (an av4erage offering), then they would get back $58.75 in points on holiday shopping alone, that could then be exchanged for Kala.



22



5

DONEE INTERNATIONAL



Symatri's mission to change the world begins with helping the individual earn and get more for their efforts, but it doesn't end there. A recent survey indicated that eight in ten Americans (82%) say charitable giving is important to them.5 Charitable giving is very important to Symatri as well. We all grow stronger when we join as communities and reach out together to lift others. In 2018, we will launch Donee International, an innovative program created in collaboration with Symatri to both promote and fundraise for qualified nonprofit organizations through our revolutionary CORE platform.

In May 2015, there were approximately 1,521,052 charitable organizations in the United States.6 Each year, private and public charities are faced with the daunting and sometimes overwhelming task of becoming creative in their fundraising efforts. Through Donee, all that qualified nonprofit patrons have to do is choose what most interests them and follow the prompts to complete CORE activities. A significant percentage of the funds generated will then go to the associated nonprofit organization, and the patrons completing these actions will receive points which can be exchanged for Kala and spent in the REACH marketplace, resulting in a win-win for all involved. We are proud to add this piece into the Symatri ecosystem and be able to assist worthy causes and ensure success in helping charities meet their goals, become more self-reliant in their cause, and, ultimately, make a positive change in the world.

24



6

THE KALA TOKEN



PURPOSE & CHARACTERIZATION

Symatri is introducing a cryptographic token, named Kala, which will be a general purpose cryptocurrency and the unit for economic transactions within the REACH marketplace, where users possessing Kala can exchange them for products and services. Like other cryptocurrency tokens, units of Kala are fungible and transferable. They will be expected to trade on cryptocurrency exchanges.



IMPLEMENTATION

Kala is a new cryptocurrency token (KALA) that will be issued utilizing the revolutionary blockchain-based smart contract technology pioneered by the team at Ethereum (ethereum.org). Each token issued equals one token generated on the blockchain, with a smart contract that specifies its use case and redemption details.



SMART CONTRACT

Kala tokens are created according to the ERC20 specifications of the Ethereum blockchain. This allows for Kala to take full advantage of the benefits of the Ethereum network. The ERC20 standard makes it easier for all compatible tokens to be natively supported by new projects and services and to be easily added to exchanges. By utilizing this standard, we ensure that token holders are in full control of their assets at all times. The Kala token contract keeps track of ownership internally and can be polled at any given time. Since every token is a sub-currency of the Ethereum network, the solution has been highly tested and has been proven to be highly reliable when executing properly. All allocations of tokens are done through the token contract, while each participant will have the ultimate control of where and when to transfer their asset.

26



Kala



KALA EXCHANGE RATE

Users will earn points through CORE activities, which can then be exchanged for Kala to make purchases on the REACH marketplace. The value of Kala, and thus how many are used to obtain a product or service, will change dynamically based on the floating exchange value of Kala. In order to prevent rapid changes in Kala floating market value from swinging prices, and enabling users to time Kala transactions to maximize value, an average exchange rate value will be calculated periodically and used to price goods and services in REACH. This will smooth out fluctuations in the Kala market, but will not alter the fair market Kala value in any significant way.



27



KALA MARKET FLOW

Kala circulates in the following ways:

1. Members in open countries complete CORE activities and shop through Retail Rewards and begin earning points.

2. Points are recorded and stored in Member accounts. 3. When they choose, Members can exchange points for Kala, which are assigned to the Member

from the portion of the Symatri Reserve allocated for CORE activities. 4. All Kala users, Members, and those who purchase Kala on exchanges can make purchases on the

REACH marketplace. Kala from these purchases will go back in the Symatri Reserve.

28



SUPPLY STRATEGY

Cryptocurrencies often have relatively low coin numbers. Bitcoin, for instance, has a maximum of 21 million coins. This means that whole coins tend to have a large value, which creates a perception barrier. When someone goes to use their coins in transactions involving small amounts, they must think in terms of multiple decimal places. For example, to purchase an item priced at $1 USD, a person would pay something like 0.00018 Bitcoin (at Oct. 2017 Bitcoin value). That can be challenging to mentally calculate, and feels unnatural in a society used to exchanging full coins for things.

In keeping with our mission to make the Symatri ecosystem as widely accessible as possible in order to help more people, we are making the Kala token simpler to understand and adopt. Kala will be a two decimal place based cryptocurrency token. Everyone is familiar with a payment system that uses two decimal places; it is comfortable. This will make transactions easier to understand and will simplify mental calculations. It is simpler to grasp that the price of an item is 100 Kala, rather than 0.00018 Bitcoin. This gives Kala a "real money" feel that other cryptocurrencies lack.



TOKEN SYSTEM & DETAILS

All ethereal-based tokens are fully decentralized by default, but that doesn't mean they can't have some sort of central manager. In the case of Kala, Symatri serves as the issuer and manager of the token. This gives us the ability to police the currency, mint more tokens, and even ban people from using the currency who may abuse it. We are building these functionalities into Kala up-front. Not only is it a pre-requisite in how smart contracts function, it serves to show our commitment to Kala through our diligence in how it was designed. It allows all token holders to always know exactly the rules of the game before they decide to own Kala.

WALLET

As part of joining the Kala ITO, all participants will create a secure wallet. This wallet is where Kala tokens will be delivered upon the closing of the ITO. Symatri employees do not have access to participant wallets. Management of these wallets is the responsibility of the participant, including the withdrawal or exchange of tokens. Kala tokens issued during the ITO are controlled by the smart contracts automatically. After the fundraising is completed, all tokens are automatically transferred to the participant's wallet following a final audit.



29



7

ITO DETAILS



KALA TOKEN ISSUANCE

We will be issuing 21 billion Kala tokens (KALA) by the end of our initial token offering. This allows for a two decimal place based cryptocurrency. We have structured our issuance schedule and relevant business milestones to coincide, as we believe this will ensure the longevity and stability of our business and thereby enhance the value of Kala.

We believe that a wide distribution of Kala will only further strengthen the ecosystem, so purchases during the initial token offering must be at a minimum of $10 USD, and a maximum of $9,000 USD per individual.

Those who wish to purchase more than the $9,000 USD maximum value may contact us at info@kalatoken.io to begin the KYC process.

Tokens may be purchased with BTC, ETH, or LTC. Purchased Kala tokens will be transferred into the wallets of all ITO participants following the audit at the close of the ITO.

31



TOKEN ALLOCATION & SUPPLY SCHEDULE

We plan to initially offer tokens with a hard cap of 21,000,000,000 (21 billion) Kala, which will be allocated and priced as follows:

Symatri Reserve

Symatri will maintain an internal reserve of Kala that will comprise 64% of the total issued Kala. The purpose of the reserve is to support our Members and help them succeed. The reserve will be allocated as follows:

 33% - Exclusively earmarked to exchange for points on completed CORE activities, for membership bonuses, and for partnership commissions.  10% - Future growth, funding, and investment.  21% - Ownership and corporate holding to insure there is enough Kala to support the members of the Symatri ecosystem. 

Initial Token Offering Crowdsale

The remaining 36%, or 7.5 billion Kala, will be available for sale beginning with our pre-crowdsale, which starts Nov. 27, 2017, and will continue until Mar. 15, 2018 or until the initial issuance number of Kala tokens is reached. Pricing of Kala will be determine by four groups of limited quantity. Once one group is sold out, the next group will immediately open.

32



PRE-SALES

We will be limiting our pre-sale to select individuals. As recognition for the support and loyalty of Legacy Members, they will have first access to purchase Kala. Investors who have completed the KYC process with Symatri may also take part in the pre-crowdsale. (Contact info@kalatoken.io to start KYC process.)

Pre-sales will begin at 18:00 UTC on Nov. 27, 2017 and will go until Nov. 30, 2017, starting with Group 1, and continuing through any further groups until either the total number of tokens are sold or Nov. 30, 2017. Any remaining tokens left from pre-sales will roll into the public crowdsale.

PUBLIC CROWDSALE

Any remaining Kala tokens will be open for public purchase beginning at 18:00 UTC on Dec. 1, 2017. The public crowdsale will end when all available tokens are sold or on Mar.15, 2018.

Any tokens not sold by the end of the ITO will be burned.

SAFETY OF FUNDS

All funds will be held in escrow during the ITO. When the crowdsale ends, before the final number of Kala tokens sold will be created and distributed, we will do an audit of deposits to ensure accuracy. Where possible, two-of-three multi-sig addresses will be used to secure funds.

Kala tokens will be generated and issued following an audit and confirmation of the receipt of contributions to the smart contract, be it in ETH, BTC, or LTC. This protects the issued Kala from fraud and backs all issued tokens with real monetary value.

33



8

EXECUTION PLAN



35



SYMATRI GROWTH PROJECTIONS

When we first launched in October, 2016 our goal was to reach 2,000 enrollments in the first 90 days, and all our projections were based on that goal. By the end of January we had more than 220,000 enrollments around the world. We have provided conservative, moderate, and aggressive projections below based on past performance. The new version of CORE and the REACH marketplace will roll out first in the United States, then expand into other countries. We will begin with Members entering through our first, existing vertical, then expand to include Free and Premium Members. Therefore:

 The conservative growth projection is based on being open in the United States only.  The moderate projection is based on expansion into four more countries in addition to the United States.  The aggressive projection is based on making the full suite of CORE and REACH benefits available in 10 countries.

Projected Members



With these projections, we anticipate reaching the following numbers of people participating in the Symatri Ecosystem by the end of 2018:

 Conservative projection - more than 500,000  Moderate projection - more than 850,000  Aggressive projection - more than 1.4 million

36



9

CONCLUSION



The Symatri Ecosystem is perfectly structured to foster a vibrant economy around the Kala cryptocurrency token. Through CORE activities, Premium and Free Members can earn Kala. With the REACH marketplace, all Kala users can purchase from a vast array of discounted products and services. The Kala token will have inherent value from Day 1 and will be a logical addition to the Symatri Community and Ecosystem. Together, we can help families around the globe find financial security and reach their dreams--and change the world.

38



10

FOUNDING TEAM & ADVISORS



Darren Olayan (Symatri CEO) holds a Master's in Public Administration, Finance &

Entrepreneurship and a BA in International Relations and Affairs. Over the last 18 years, he has been involved in many start-up businesses, been an owner and partner in an equity firm, developed strategic business relationships domestically and internationally, and managed investors through exit strategies. He has consulted direct sales and network marketing companies, served as an advisory board member in key mergers and services, and built international sales teams and networks. He is extremely excited and focused on helping people become successful.

Reid Tanaka (Symatri President) brings almost two decades of experience in

General Management, International Expansion, and Operations. He has helped Americanbased companies expand overseas, and developed innovative solutions, systems, and processes to help them succeed. Reid co-founded and managed Treo Solutions, a successful international business development consulting firm. He also owned and acted as President of Operations for Globalization Group, a full-service localization company with Fortune 500 clients.

Kinsey Lindgren (Symatri Chief Marketing Officer) spent seven years

helping a small website grow to become the nation's #1 grocery couponing site of its kind with over 12 million visits per month. As their Chief Operating Officer, her out-of-the-box thinking, strategic logicv, knowledge of the affiliate world, and sound understanding of marketing helped her double the company's revenue. Her vision, her passion, and her love of growth are key in helping Symatri find and capitalize on new opportunities.

Troy Muhlestein (Nui Founder & Strategic Partner) spent the first 20

years of his working career in the manufacturing segment of Corporate America with a Fortune 500 company as a production manager, project engineer, and executive management. He has been on a mission to build a company that offers true value and an honest opportunity for the members to participate and benefit from the organization's collective efforts. With those guiding principles, he founded one successful company in 2009 and then another in 2016, based on the idea that a company can be a win, win, win--that by making the members the primary focus, the member, the strategic partners, and the company all win.

40



Richard Smith (Nui Founder & Strategic Partner) has been an

entrepreneur in the Internet Marketing and Direct Sales industry for 25 years, successfully launching four different companies with cumulative revenues of a billion dollars in sales. Richard is a highly sought after corporate executive, bringing his unparalleled ability to think outside the box, develop new concepts for market, and an unwavering commitment to create value. Richard is dedicated to fostering innovation in business, and clearly sees the power of Internetwork Marketing and the currency that fuels it.

David Childs  (Britecoin Inc. CEO & Technology Partner) is a

longtime technology serial entrepreneur, having successfully built and grown several software and engineering companies. As a technology specialist and a highly skilled programmer, he is able to bring unique understanding to executive management. He has a talent for managing and directing diverse teams in the creation and deployment of highly complex software projects. His early career was focused on software-based process optimization, where David was exposed to the inner working of a wide array of companies and their different processes. This valuable experience greatly influenced his understanding of business and helps to inform the structure and oversight of his own organizations. Over the past several years, his projects have included mobile apps, custom CRM tools, and fulfillment management software. His most recent focus has been in cryptocurrency and in building a cohesive system designed to enable the simple connection and integration of disparate systems in a SAAS model.

Kevin Childs (Britecoin Inc. CTO & Technology Partner) is an

Information Technology Expert. He is highly experienced in software development, networking, database architecture, and systems engineering. Over his professional career he has created software algorithms for Fortune 500 companies, helped build engines for mobile games, and architected real time databases for cutting edge instant messaging. Kevin expertise extends to the digital marketing realm, and has created and led extensive internet marketing campaigns for brands both small and large. He is passionate about open source technologies, crypto-currencies, particularly Bitcoin and Ethereum, and also machine learning. As an entrepreneur, Kevin has served as CTO and CIO and has expertise in bringing highly complex products to market. He has extensive experience in evaluating a project's requirements and managing a team of programmers and designers to facilitate company objectives.

41



11

REFERENCES



1. https://www.edelman.com/trust2017/

2. http://www.business2community.com/marketing/numbers-dont-lie-2016-nielsen-study-revealedreferrals-01477256#fiRFyx3zLyfQW3EC.97

3. http://www.worldbank.org/en/news/video/2016/03/10/2-billion-number-of-adults-worldwide-without-access-to-formalfinancial-services

4. https://www.forbes.com/sites/mayakachroolevine/2016/09/28/heres-how-much-youre-going-to-spend-on-the-holidays-thisyear/#4288a4e94628

5. https://www.rbcwealthmanagement.com/us/en/news/2016-10-12/most-americans-say-donating-to-charity-is-important-tothem-but-only-one-in-four-25-contribute-consistently-throughout-the-year-rbc-wealth-management-city-national-bankpoll/detail/

6. https://www.nptrust.org/philanthropic-resources/charitable-giving-statistics/



 2017, Symatri, LLC All Rights Reserved. For more information, please visit www.kalatoken.io



43



