Banking on Your Terms October 2017



2

Table of Content



Table of Content



Abstract3



Transforming banking services4



Our mission6



Banking on your terms



7



kevin. History7



All accounts in the one app



8



Prepay-free funds withdrawal8



ATM Network8



New opportunities for banks, merchants and developers



9



card



10



Crowdsale details12



Roadmap13



Leadership team15



Executive team14



Advisers16



Legal notice17



3



Abstract



Abstract



kevin. is an innovative online banking service, that allows to easily link and manage different crypto accounts and bank accounts, including bank accounts located in different banks. kevin. provides its clients with possibility to spend funds, keep track of the spendings, convert currencies, request payments from friends and business partners, and pay with any account, including cryptocurrencies and ERC20 tokens. kevin. card can be connected to any account, the card supports contactless payments and guarantees the highest level of security.

Additionally, kevin. offers API for merchants. Thanks to the kevin. API, merchants are able to accept crypto payments from their clients and receive fiat money, while all the conversions are made on kevin. side.

Developers can use kevin. SDK to develop and immediately offer their services to thousands of kevin. users.

We aim to have a product that can be used by everyone, without having to master the underlying technology. So, as part of our roadmap, for assets that lack liquidity, we'll be providing an easy-to-use in-app fiat-token exchange tool. This provides users unaware of the token economy with a convenient on-ramp to not only our platform but also to the token economy at large.



4



Transforming banking services



Transforming banking services

The idea of kevin. began to emerge as early as 2014. We felt the need for banking services, but not in the traditional way, provided by banks. Instead of products that are actually needed, customers get from banks rather products that a bank opts to offer and sell. We believe that personalized service, more relevant to the needs of specific clients and based on theirs financial behavior should be created.

The market already had several mobile banks, offering pretty convenient services. However, these companies required clients to entrust their money (and in most cases, the money were not even covered by the state insurance, and thus had no protection). We decided to develop a product able to provide all the opportunities for using services, and at the same time, no money entrustment would be required.

European Central Bank's PSD2 Directive introduced two new players in the banking arena, and therefore made these kind of systems possible:

AISP (account information service provider) connecting directly to the bank through the API and aggregating client accounts from different banks and displaying information in one place. Such players can analyze any customer's financial behavior and can advise and offer products more suitable for their needs. For example, in 2010, a client needed a housing loan, then in 2015, a car leasing need occurs, and now, in the year 2017, he or she may be in a completely different financial situation. Now, the person might be eligible for a re-credit offer for the whole package in any European bank. Even banks outside of the client's home country qualify. The client has an opportunity to choose the bank to their liking, and that way get the best possible offer at the best possible conditions. As a result, banks are competing for clients, and the winner is the client. It's exactly what our motto "Banking on Your Terms" is about, as it's the consumer dictating the conditions, and banks competing with best offers. Quite the opposite from the current situation when you come to the bank and only get what is on supply.

PISP (payment initiation service provider), a service provider that can link the seller with the buyer's bank directly, thus eliminating the traditional card scheme, and also saving seller's money by removing the need to pay interest to card providers.

After nearly two years of development we are ready to introduce kevin. -- an innovative product, that



5



Transforming banking services



addresses customers' need in secure payments, fast access to different bank accounts, and convenient usage of cryptocurrencies in day-to-day life.



As opposed to other alike products, kevin. offers free card issuing, zero transaction fees. kevin. app is already developed, and kevin. card is ready to be ordered with shipping to client's country.



Card comparison table



kevin. Card



CENTRA TECH



Physical card issuing fee



FREE



$10



Virtual card issuing fee



TENX $15



WIREX $17



FREE Physical card annual fee

FREE

Virtual card annual fee

FREE

Foreign exchange fee FREE

Card transactions fee 0%

ATM withdrawal fee 1 EUR

Card spending limit 2500/20000/ no limit EUR

ATM withdrawal



$1.25 FREE FREE FREE 0% $2.50 $5000



$1.50



FREE



FREE/$10 if <$1000/ ANN UM



$1/month



FREE/$10 if <$1000/ ANN UM



Not disclosed



0%



3%



0%



0%



2.75 EUR



2.25-2.75 EUR



$2500/20000



800/No limit



3000 EUR/day



$1000



20000 EUR



200/2000 EUR



Blockchain support



BTC, ETH, ERC20



BTC, ETH, LTC, DASH, ZCASH, RIPPLE, MONERO, ERC20



Cardholder incentives



Bonus program



0.8% /transaction



BTC, ETH, DASH (more ERC20/ALT)

0.1% /transaction



BTC None



MONACO FREE

Not disclosed

0% 1% Not disclosed Not disclosed Not disclosed BTC, ETH None



The card is available to order on

the website



The card is not available The card is not avail- Card ordering is



so far



able so far



unavailable so far



The card is not available so far



XAPO $20



CRYPTOPAY $20



$2.50



1st year free, then $1/month



$1/month



$1/month



3% 0% $2.50-3.50



3% 1% $2.50-3.50



20000 EUR



$1000/20000 EUR



$2000



$400/2000 EUR



BTC



BTC



None

The card is not available so far



None

Card is available, but exchange to fiat and prepayment are needed



6

Our mission



Our mission



We believe that there will be no more traditional banks in future, and banks as institutions will become obsolete. Only "banking" will remain. This means, banking operations will be carried out on blockchain networks, and will not be controlled by any authorities (the way traditional banks operate at the moment). Clients will receive banking services with conditions suiting to theirs individual needs, and will not be obligated to buy the services that banks deem to put on the counter.

Banking sector is very conservative. We are fully aware what regulators of banking sector say and how they act.

Quite recently European Central Bank's PSD2 Directive was introduced. And that was one more step in changing the former banking world.

Revolutions in banking can't be made in a very short period of time. So we here at kevin. are moving step by step, and we introduce crypto features going hand by hand together with our regular financial services.

Our goals are:



Making bank accounts

management easier by linking all accounts to userfriendly mobile app.



Facilitation of public access to crypto payments by associating crypto wallets with kevin. app and kevin. card.



Allowing clients to spend their ERC20 tokens using online payments or kevin.

card.



Providing our clients with best service

possible by opening ATMs, joining forces

with banks and financial institutions.



Supporting merchants by providing them with API, which allows to accept cryptocurrency

payments.



7



kevin. Banking on Your Terms



Banking on Your Terms



kevin. is a service offering its users to keep all their financial accounts in one place: we support all currencies (including cryptocurrencies and crypto tokens), and all banks throughout the EU.

kevin. History

kevin. is a fully developed service ready for customers' use. kevin. as a concept was started about two years ago: during these years we conducted market researches, prepared for kevin. card issuance, and fully developed our mobile app from scratch. In the diagram below you can trace the history of our product:



Q4 2015

Q1 2016

Q2 2016

Q3 2016 Q4 2016 Q1 2017 Q2 2017 Q4 2017 Q4 2017



R&D Research for possible customization of the new service. Further development of primary idea and projections for service implementation.

Concept Determination of the main concept of the service. Analysis of possible partnering companies approach.

Technical specification Determination of scope for technical solutions. Establishing new partnerships.

Application design and development Production of kevin. application for mobile devices.

Production of kevin. website

API design and develop

Development of kevin. crypto wallet

Defining Legal structure

Crowdsale launch



8



kevin. Banking on Your Terms



All Accounts in One App

kevin. app allows any user to easily link all their accounts to one app, even if accounts are located in different banks. And cryptocurrency wallets can be easily accessed as well. With kevin. app it is easy to keep track of spendings, grouping them by category. Funds can be converted and transferred between accounts according to Forex exchange rates.

Additionally, payment from a friend or business partner can be requested within the app. When someone requests a bank payment from kevin. app user, and the user chooses to pay in cryptocurrency, it will be automatically converted to fiat and transferred to requestor's bank account.

With kevin. app any user can control their kevin. card. Changing payment limits, adjusting settings for online payments, or choosing specific countries where payments are allowed can be done inside the app.

Prepay-Free Funds Withdrawal

Unlike other similar financial services, in kevin. app there is no need to prepay before user can withdraw funds. After accounts are linked, user can set priority account, which will be used for payments or withdrawals. Due to this system, kevin. ensures additional level of security: no entrustment is needed, all users' fund are safely stored inside their regular bank or crypto accounts.

ATM Network

By the year 2022 kevin. plans to set more than 2,100 ATMs all over Europe.

We are aiming to develop convenient and secure ATM network. With our ATM, kevin. customers will be able to:

 Withdraw funds with zero transaction fees.  Withdraw funds even without a card. QR-code generated by kevin. app can be used instead.  Buy cryptocurrency and tokens with cash right at the ATM.



9



kevin. Banking on Your Terms



kevin. ATM network in 2022.



New Opportunities for Banks, Merchants and Developers



We aim to provide banks, merchants, and developers with best possible technical solutions developed by kevin. team.



kevin. for Merchants

Thanks to our API, merchants can start accepting payments in cryptocurrencies alongside with regular fiat payments. When a customer chooses to pay with cryptocurrency or crypto tokens, our API will take care of the process, convert the funds, and transfer fiat payment to the merchant.



kevin. for Banks

Given that development of aggregation service may be too time-consuming and difficult for banks, they usually tend to outsource this kind of services. With our API, we provide banks with access to the platform with aggregation service available.



kevin. for Developers

Our software development kit allows developers to create new and unique products, and immediately offer them to thousands of kevin. app users. kevin. opens innovative business opportunities that may quickly lead to high-profit revenue.



10

kevin. card



kevin. card



According to our plans, virtual card will be available in the November 2017. And by the end of November 2017, it will be possible to request physical kevin. card for free. Though it is free, to activate kevin. card it will be necessary to have KVT token.



kevin. card provides a customer with wide range of financial services and features:

Free There is no fees charged for issuance of kevin. card. It can be easily ordered from our website or mobile app using the form. kevin. card is activated with KVT, so though it is free of charge the Client will need to have a KVT to use kevin. services. Your card will be delivered to your country.



11



kevin. card



Links all your accounts together With kevin. card our client's accounts can be easily linked together, including those located in different banks. Priority paying account can be set using the app.



Allows to spend cryptocurrency Client can link kevin. card with cryptocurrency accounts using our app. No prepay is needed to spend cryptocurrency while paying with kevin. card. Coins will be converted at the moment of payment according to current exchange rate.



Allows to spend tokens Using kevin. app, kevin. card can be associated with ERC20 tokens as well. When making a card payment, tokens are automatically converted according to the exchange rate at the time of the payment. No prepay is needed.



Supports contactless payments kevin. card has the functionality of contactless payment. With just a tap, the paying sum will be automatically deducted from the account your kevin. card is associated with.



Secure To ensure the secure online shopping experience for our clients, we are issuing all new or updated payment cards without the option of online payments. This option can be conveniently and securely activated using our app. Additionally, client can also set their card limits and select countries in which payments with their card are allowed.



Cashback Program Spend money with kevin. card and we will return up to 10% of your spendings. Our cashback program is a way to reward our community for supporting our platform. KVT holders will receive up to 10% of their expenditures with kevin. card every month. The cashback rate will depend on the amount of KVT that you own on the day of using kevin. card. Cashback will be returned for purchases made with kevin. card when paying with BTC, ETH or ERC20 tokens.



Cashback rate: <1 000 KVT = 1% 1 000  2 000 KVT = 2% 2 001  10 000 KVT = 3%



10 001  50 000 KVT = 5% 50 001  300 000 KVT = 7% more than 300 000 KVT = 10%



12

Crowdsale details



Crowdsale details



Through a newly incorporated company in Gibraltar, kevin. is raising funds for developing new financial services and widening kevin. financial ecosystem. For that purpose, kevin. is issuing kevin. tokens (KVT) through the smart contract system operated by Ethereum.



Token name:



KVT



Total Token Supply:



250 mln KVT



Initial token price:



1 KVT = 1 USD



Crowdsale minimum goal: 15 mln KVT



If Tokensale does not reach its minimum capital goal, all funds will be automatically returned to the investors.

KVT features

KVT is a key to kevin. services. Though kevin. card is issued free of charge, in order to activate it the Client will need to have KVT.

Also, KVT are created in order for our ecosystem to grow. We provide the developers with a platform (https://www.getkevin.io/sdk.html ), where they can build financial products and over time offer these products to our users. And users can activate the app for using said products only by using KVT tokens. Developers determine product or service pricing and also get tokens for accomplishing just that, and later they can exchange tokens for money, thus attracting new users who are willing to buy KVT tokens to pay for the services. This way, developers are encouraged to create the best and most attractive products for consumers paying exclusively with KVT. Tokens were chosen specifically so that the developer would be interested in attracting a paying user, a user who will need to use KVT to access the product.



13



Roadmap



Crowdsale details



Token Distribution: 10 mln KVT - distributed for early investors during the closed pre-crowdsale phase. 240M for KVT token buyers.

Crowdsale campaign starts in October 2017 and finishes in December 2017.

Token supply is limited. All unsold during the crowdsale tokens will be burned.



Bonus program:

Day 1 +35% Day 2-5 +25% Day 5-14 +10% Day 15-30 +5%



Roadmap

Just in Europe, our target audience reaches as many as 140 million clients (18-45 years old).

Differently from other Token Sales or traditional banking sector, kevin. Token Sale does not entitle team members or its advisors to bonus payouts. We will spend all funds solely on development and marketing of the kevin. services.

We plan to spend about 15 million USD on development over the next two years. The rest of the money will be spent on opening offices in other countries and marketing. We understand that to achieve our primary goal and connect all the banks (legally the PSD2 directive will allow us to do it), we need to open an office in each target country and establish technical and legal relations with banks. That means we want to open 28 offices in the EU. Expenses of the 28 offices with an annual budget of 0.6 million per year, within two years, will be about 30 million. We understand that services offered by kevin. are subject to licensing requirements in European Union under the PSD2 and Directive 2009/110/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on the taking up, pursuit and prudential supervision of the business of electronic money institutions amending Directives 2005/60/EC and 2006/48/EC and repealing Directive 2000/46/EC (E-money directive) and may be subjected to licensing in other countries. Before starting our activities, at kevin. we will aim to receive appropriate electronic money institution licence in any European Union member state and then passport it to other European Union member states or, alternatively, partner with an already-licenced electronic money institution and act as its official intermediary. We oblige not to conduct any licenced services without



14



Roadmap



having obtained a required licence or becoming an official intermediary of an already licenced electronic money institution. If kevin. receives its own license, the incorporation costs will be reduced by applying passporting procedures as provided under PSD2 directive. Nevertheless, considering the number of countries kevin. will target, high legal and compliance costs are expected.

As mentioned above, marketing is one of our primary expenses: within two years we plan to spend approximately 35-40 million USD on marketing alone, which will allow us to increase the customer base to 4 million within just two years.

By 2022, we plan to expand our own ATM network in Europe. To install more than 2100 ATMs, we expect to invest 20 million.

We came from the traditional banking sector, so we understand well what investments are required to scale this business. Companies claiming they collect 5-10 million  or worse  that they manage to succeed and turn the financial market with just 1 million, sound a bit shady and fraudulent. It is necessary to understand that the establishment of the financial sector took many decades or even centuries, and in order to bring even the smallest revolutions or innovations to this market, enormous investments are necessary.



kevin. Timeline



Q4 2017

Q1 2018

Q2 2018

Q3 2018 Q4 2018 Q1 2019 Q2 2019 Q3 2019 Q4 2019



Receipt of electronic money institution in any European Union member state and passporting the same to other European Union member states or becoming an official intermediary of an already licenced electronic money institution

kevin. service launch. kevin. card launch Start of accounts aggregation. Launch AI algorithm for banking services personalization.

Further development of kevin. service Launch fully-functional payment gateway for merchants, enabling them to accept cryptocurrency and tokens. Launch solution for cryptocurrencies and tokens exchange to fiat currency. Smart analytics for kevin. app customers. Open SDK for developers.

PISP (Payment initiation service provider) system development and implementation. First 10 ATM's in EU.

Launch business partnership for token issuers

API for non EU banks

M&A in Europe and Worldwide

ATM network expansion (target 300 ATM in EU)

Worldwide Expansion



15

Leadership team



Leadership team



Executive team

PAVEL SOKOLOVAS Founder After graduating Economics at Moscow State University of Economics, Statistics and Informatics, Pavel has worked as a Commercial Director for several successful international companies. For five years, he has been working in an enterprise providing business solutions for banks. Pavel was managing company's main direction of business: the development of instant and other payment solutions for banks. He has been involved exclusively with the kevin. project for the last two years.

TADAS TAMOSIUNAS Co-Founder Tadas graduated from Vilnius University, Faculty of Economics. In 1996, he began his career as a banker in one of the commercial banks of Lithuania. Tadas' responsibilities and experience in the bank were related to the management of liquid and non-cash liquidity, trading in the Forex market, money market transactions, communication, and cooperation with foreign bank partners. After ten years of working in the bank, Tadas started developing his own businesses, investing in stock and real estate markets. Before setting up kevin., Tadas successfully developed a retail banking project in conjunction with one of the commercial banks in Lithuania. He later sold his business successfully and joined kevin.

SERGEI KOLODIY Co-Founder Sergei is a financial investor. He received excellent education in law and economics at the Law College of the Belarusian State University (BSU) and then at the Law Department of BSU and the Belarusian State Economic University. His main working experience is wholesale trading in commodity markets.



16



Leadership team



Advisers

TOMAS KRILAVICIUS Prof. Tomas Krilavicius is an expert in the application of Artificial Intelligence in a wide range of domains, ranging from medicine, finances, and Industry 4.0 to social sciences and humanities. He has defended his Ph.D. at the University of Twente, in the Netherlands. Tomas is a Chief Scientist in the Baltic Institute of Advanced Technologies, as well as an Applied Informatics Department Manager at Vytautas Magnus University. He is the co-founder of TokenMill, a successful language technologies company. His passion is bringing AI to our everyday life.

DANAS VENGRAITIS Currently, taking positions of a Director at Finalta and a Solution Leader at McKinsey & Company, Danas is a strategy and consulting/benchmarking professional in banking with extensive experience in CEE, Russia, and Nordics/Baltics with a specialization in commercial/new business development and leadership. Previously Danas was responsible for financial analysis, planning and forecasting, project valuations, and deal negotiation finance support for American Express GNS in EMEA. Typical projects included business franchising, company acquisitions, spin-offs/business sales, new product launches, business re-engineering and corporate/tax restructure. Danas has experience in working on successful deals across Turkey, Russia, Poland, Ukraine, Kazakhstan, Greece, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Azerbaijan, Norway, Denmark, Switzerland, Lithuania, Estonia, and other European markets. Later on, Danas led American Express Global Network Services' (GNS) business development and M&A activities across EMEA region, including credit card issuing and acquiring new partnerships, franchising, asset sales, acquisitions, and outsourcing. Led cross-functional project teams and was responsible for market strategy development, deal/partnership origination, commercial structuring, negotiations, contract signing and oversight of deal execution.

MARIA KAVALIOVA Currently, Maria is a Senior Manager at a fintech company named Oportun. Previously she worked as an Assistant Vice President and Vice President at Citibank. Maria's spheres of responsibility included behavioral scoring model development for Citi brands in the US, acquisition scoring model development, and analytics for small and medium companies in Citi Banamex, Mexico, validation of commercial/consumer/blended scoring models for the US and Canada. After that, Maria worked as a principal data scientist at PayPal. She was responsible for developing fraud, credit and marketing models using PayPal wallet data to improve existing solutions and behavioral scoring model for online credit portfolio.



17

Legal notice



Legal notice



General information The Token Sale will be performed through kevin. company incorporated in Gibraltar that shall comply with the regulations and recommendations of the competent authorities regarding performance of the Token Sale. kevin. services will be rendered by either kevin. company incorporated in Gibraltar or any other group company.

The kevin. token does not have the legal qualification of a security, since it does not give any rights to dividends or interests. The sale of kevin. tokens is final and non-refundable. kevin. tokens are not shares and do not give any right to participate to the general meeting of kevin. . kevin. tokens cannot have a performance or a particular value outside the kevin. platform. kevin. tokens shall therefore not be used or purchased for speculative or investment purposes. The purchaser of kevin. tokens is aware that national securities laws, which ensure that investors are sold investments that include all the proper disclosures and are subject to regulatory scrutiny for the investors' protection, are not applicable.

Anyone purchasing kevin. tokens expressly acknowledges and represents that she/he has carefully reviewed this white paper and fully understands the risks, costs and benefits associated with the purchase of kevin.

Knowledge required The purchaser of kevin. tokens undertakes that she/he understands and has significant experience of cryptocurrencies, blockchain systems and services, and that she/he fully understands the risks associated with the crowdsale as well as the mechanism related to the use of cryptocurrencies (incl. storage).

kevin. shall not be responsible for any loss of kevin. tokens or situations making it impossible to access kevin. tokens, which may result from any actions or omissions of the user or any person undertaking to acquire kevin. tokens, as well as in case of hacker attacks.

Risks Acquiring kevin. tokens and storing them involves various risks, in particular the risk that kevin. may not be able to receive required licences, launch its operations and develop its blockchain and provide the



18



Legal notice



services promised. Therefore, and prior to acquiring kevin. tokens, any user should carefully consider the risks, costs and benefits of acquiring kevin. tokens in the context of the crowdsale and, if necessary, obtain any independent advice in this regard. Any interested person who is not in the position to accept or to understand the risks associated with the activity (incl. the risks related to the non-development of the kevin. platform) or any other risks as indicated in the Terms & Conditions of the crowdsale should not acquire kevin. tokens.

Important disclaimer This white paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way nor should it be considered as an offering of securities in any jurisdiction. This white paper does not include or contain any information or indication that might be considered as a recommendation or that might be used as a basis for any investment decision. kevin. tokens are just utility tokens which can be used only on the kevin. platform and are not intended to be used as an investment.

The offering of kevin. tokens on a trading platform is done in order to allow the use of the kevin. platform and not for speculative purposes. The offering of kevin. tokens on a trading platform does not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remain a simple means for the use of the kevin. platform and are not a security.

kevin. is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or financial matters. Any information in the white paper is provided for general information purposes only and kevin. does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.

Though kevin. is not a financial intermediary and is not required to obtain any authorization for Anti Money Laundering purposes, kevin. shall perform Know Your Client procedures and shall identify the purchasers acquiring KVT for cryptocurrency exceeding the value of more than 15 000 EUR.

Acquiring kevin. tokens shall not grant any right or influence over kevin. organization and governance to the Purchasers.

Regulatory authorities are carefully scrutinizing businesses and operations associated to cryptocurrencies in the world. In that respect, regulatory measures, investigations or actions may impact kevin. business and even limit or prevent it from developing its operations in the future. Any person undertaking to acquire kevin. tokens must be aware of the kevin. business model, the white paper or terms and conditions



19



Legal notice



may change or need to be modified because of new regulatory and compliance requirements from any applicable laws in any jurisdictions. In such a case, purchasers and anyone undertaking to acquire kevin. tokens acknowledge and understand that neither kevin. nor any of its affiliates shall be held liable for any direct or indirect loss or damage caused by such changes.

kevin. will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the kevin. platform. Anyone undertaking to acquire kevin. tokens acknowledges and understands that kevin. does not provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it. They acknowledge and understand therefore that kevin. (incl. its bodies and employees) assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would result from or relate to the incapacity to use kevin. tokens, except in case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.

Representation and warranties By participating in the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees to the above and in particular, they represent and warrant that they:  have read carefully the terms and conditions attached to the white paper; agree to their full contents

and accept to be legally bound by them;  are authorized and have full power to purchase kevin. tokens according to the laws that apply in their

jurisdiction of domicile;  are neither a US, Singapore, China or Hong Kong citizen or resident;  live in a jurisdiction which allows kevin. to sell kevin. tokens through a crowdsale without requiring

any local authorization;  are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction in which they are based and that

purchasing cryptographic tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject to additional conditions of any kind;  will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism;  have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies of dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services;  purchase kevin. tokens because they wish to have access to the kevin. platform;  are not purchasing kevin. tokens for the purpose of speculative investment or usage.



Banking on Your Terms



