BLOCKCHAIN-BASED ECOMMERCE PLATFORM

KEYRPTO.COM

1 KEYRPTO.COM



VERSION 1.1



TABLE OF CONTENTS



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



03



INTRODUCTION



04



VISION



05



PROBLEM



05



SOLUTION



05



HOW IT WORKS?



06



KEYRPTO ADVANTAGES FOR SELLER



06



KEYRPTO ADVANTAGES FOR BUYERS



08



PLATFORM & TOKEN



10



BUYER PROTECTION



10



SELLER PROTECTION



10



KEYRPTO BENEFITS



11



KEYRPTO MAIN GOALS



11



PLATFORM STRUCTURE



12



KEYRPTO PLATFORM DESIGN



13



THE KYT TOKEN



14



TOKEN OFFERING



14



TOKEN BURN METRIC



15



ROAD MAP



16



TEAM



17



DISCLAIMER



18



2 KEYRPTO.COM



EXECUTIVE SUMMARY



E-commerce today is the engine of global economy. Therefore, it should rely on the most advanced and secure foundation, rather than the outdated technologies of yesterday. The new decentralized technology known as blockchain enables a new class of services, with smart contract technology enabling businesses to enhance their productivity and their online security*.



Worldwide retail e-commerce sales will reach $1.915 trillion this year and double-digit growth is expected to continue through 2020, when sales will top $4 trillion*.



The global cryptocurrencies market is expected to reach $2 trillions by the end of 2018*. However, there are very few platforms that allow you to buy or sell products and services with cryptocurrencies.



Many individuals and businesses are looking to sell their products, services, or second-hand items for cryptocurrency to take advantage of the booming market. On the same hand, many individuals are looking to purchase items or services with cryptocurrency, whether it be to utilize it for its intended purpose as a currency, to cash in their profits, or otherwise.



A cryptocurrency friendly e-commerce platform similar to eBay or Amazon would fit perfectly into all of the aforementioned situations, benefiting the wider community and bringing more value and function to what is currently a highly speculative market.



The choice of a platform to list on is perhaps the most fundamental



decision an online entrepreneur makes in the early life of their business.



This decision can make or break them, so it is integral they choose one



that will generate wide spread exposure whilst still ensuring security and



income. This is exactly the platform we intend to provide.



3



KEYRPTO.COM



www.emarketer.com www.grandviewresearch.com



INTRODUCTION

The purpose of this document is to provide information regarding the KEYRPTO project, its core conceptual idea, business model, competitive advantages, ICO details, and roadmap towards the 1st prototype. A more technical description of core architecture will follow after the ICO funding phase.

KEYRPTO started with a simple idea, why can't we create a block chainbased e-commerce platform which allows small business or individual to sell their products & services against any major cryptocurrency.

KEYRPTO creates a medium between seller & buyer to exchange products using cryptocurrency whilst minimizing the risk being scammed or defrauded by providing full payment protection and by delivering the product/service as a 3rd party mediator.

As a seller (Either a merchant or an individual) using KEYRPTO, you will have an online store where you showcase your brand, connect with your potential customers, and ultimately sell your product or service using a major cryptocurrencies.

As a buyer using KEYRPTO, you will be able to browse listed products/services and initiate a transaction from a sellers shop front. We will receive the payment within our platform and hold it in escrow until we ensure you receive what you paid for, and that you are satisfied with it. After this has occurred we will then release payment to the seller.

4 KEYRPTO.COM



VISION

KEYRPTO will be a revolutionary block chain-based e-commerce platform that enables buyers to use their favorite cryptocurrency in order to buy products and services. We will provide sellers with safety, convenience, and the ability to receive funds in the form of cryptocurrency. And we will provide buyers with consumer protection to ensure they always receive what they purchased or their money back.

PROBLEM

Despite the advantages of crypto payments, such as low fees, user anonymity, and fraud protection, clear and well developed block chain based e-commerce platform are yet to be introduced to the market.

Buyers are searching for a way to make their purchases with cryptocurrencies. Sellers on the other hand would love to earn more revenue, but are cautious about accepting cryptocurrencies due to the lack of regulation and security around transactions. Wouldn't it be amazing if we could have the best of both worlds? This is a dilemma we aim to solve with the KEYRPTO platform.

SOLUTION

Our aim is to build an advanced platform allowing buyers to use their favorite cryptocurrency to purchase products and services with confidence from merchants, whilst protecting the merchant from market volatility and fraud, decreasing the risk of accepting cryptocurrency as payment.

5 KEYRPTO.COM



HOW IT WORKS?

KEYRPTO features



Fully customizable online store utilising cutting-edge technology & modern design principles.



Regularly attract customers and boost sales by building brand awareness, optimizing SEO, and launching social media campaigns.



Accept major cryptocurrency payments.



Your online store is your home base, where you showcase your brand, connect with your audience, and ultimately sell your products. KEYRPTO has many ways to reach and sell to new and existing audiences.

KEYRPTO ADVANTAGES FOR SELLER

How can KEYRPTO help grow your business?



Set up your store

Set up your store on KEYRPTO and start selling your products online by using our easy-to-use listing tools.



Sit back and relax

KEYRPTO helps shopper discover your products/ services.



Hassle-free Payment

We deduct our fees after the deal is done and transfer the cryptocurrency direct to your account.



5 Key Reasons to Sell On KEYRPTO: 1. Shoppers Often Begin Their Search online In the second quarter of 2017, e-commerce sales were estimated to have increased 16.3 percent from the second quarter of 2016, while



KEYRPTO.COM



6

www.census.gov



total retail sales increased by only 4.4percent in the same period. E-commerce sales in the second quarter of 2017 accounted for 8.2 percent of total sales, a number which is growing substantially every year*.

2. KEYRPTO is a Great Additional Sales Channel While your main concern should focus on a direct relationship with your customer, KEYRPTO can become a great complement to your online business.

3. KEYRPTO Helps Shoppers Discover Your Brand KEYRPTO exposes your business to a huge number of potential customers. Imagine the exposure of being one of the first brands to list on a dedicated cryptocurrency e-commerce platform.

4. KEYRPTO is an Open Marketplace KEYRPTO creates a medium between seller & buyer to exchange products with cryptocurrency with minimum risk of scams and fraud to either party.

5. KEYRPTO SEO KEYRPTO's search engine optimization algorithm is designed to maximize profits for seller and make it easy for the buyer to find products and services that they are interested in.

Your online store is your home base and KEYRPTO is your opportunity to reach new audiences.

7 KEYRPTO.COM



KEYRPTO ADVANTAGES FOR BUYERS

How can KEYRPTO helps you shop with cryptocurrency?



Browse in keyrpto Browse for items / services on KEYRPTO.



Pay in cryptocurrency Pay in major cryptocurrency to the KEYRPTO escrow.



Your order is delivered Payment in Escrow Released upon Delivery Confirmation.



Although it is apparent that many businesses around the world have begun to accept cryptocurrency payments, there are still very few dedicated e-commerce platforms for this purpose. This is where we plan to stand apart, providing a state of the art platform that will easily transcend those currently available, taking a large market share of the ever-expanding online shopping sector.

5 Key Reasons To Buy From KEYRPTO: 1. Quick and easy payments Paying with cryptocurrency is a very quick process, you don't even need to enter your credit/debit card details, nor your personal details. All your transactions will be secure and your personal wallet will only be accessible by yourself.

2. Comparison of Prices It will be extremely simple to compare the prices of similar products across all stores listed on KEYRPTO. This gives you the freedom to determine which store offers the most affordable item you are going to buy.



8 KEYRPTO.COM



3. 24/7 Availability KEYRPTO's stores are open round the clock of 24/7, 7 days a week and 365 days. It is very rare to find any conventional retail stores that are open 24/7. The availability of online stores give you the freedom to shop at your own pace and convenience from the comfort of your own home.

4. Easy to Search Merchandise You Want to Buy You are able to look for specific merchandise via search features such as model number, style, size, color, and more. In addition, it will be easy to communicate with online stores via our inbuilt messaging system if you have any more questions regarding the product.

5. Discreet purchases are easier Some things are better done in the privacy of your own home. Cryptocurrency is ideal for these sort of transactions, and we will facilitate their use in this manner.

9 KEYRPTO.COM



PLATFORM & TOKEN

KEYRPTO will be a block chain-based e-commerce platform that enables seller to accept multiple cryptocurrencies from buyers.

BUYER PROTECTION

Consumer protection is essential with any e-commerce transaction. With KEYRPTO, there are hundreds of potential outlets for online sales and every transaction is secured.

KEYRPTO offers buyers 100% protection against all forms of seller fraud, including:  Failed delivery  Delivery to an incorrect address  Lost shipment  Delivery of an incorrect item  Delivery of an item which does not meet the seller's description

It is important to note that every single transaction conducted on the KEYRPTO platform will receive different levels of protection.

SELLER PROTECTION

Ensuring online sales are safe and secure is a challenge for merchants. Our Seller Protection Policy will protect your online sales, minimize claims and charge-backs, and help prevent buyer fraud.

KEYRPTO Payments offers 100% seller protection against fraud as well as the following features:  Transaction monitoring 24/7  Heavily encrypted transactions from start to finish to prevent

interference or tampering.  Processing and converting major cryptocurrencies.  Thoroughly investigating claims and providing online support every step

of the way

10 KEYRPTO.COM



KEYRPTO BENEFITS

BUYER  More variety in product offerings  Discreet purchases  Secure payments with major cryptocurrencies  Special offers & discounts

SELLER  Save in set-up & operational cost  Easy to use listing tools  Reach a global audience  Start trading with major cryptocurrencies

KYT HOLDER  50,000 KYT required for store set-up registration  50% off on transaction fees  Upgrade your store's position in our SEO through

purchases using KYT  Special offers for KYT Token holders

KEYRPTO MAIN GOALS



KEYRPTO.COM



PLATFORM To create a platform that will allow small business to sell their products & services with any major cryptocurrency.

TRANSACTIONS To make transactions in this platform simple, fast, secure, and reliable.

HAPPY CLIENTELE Professional services to help you through every step of buying or selling online.

11



PLATFORM STRUCTURE

Smart contracts are self-executing contracts with predefined terms set by two or more parties being directly written into lines of code. The code and the terms contained therein exist across a distributed, decentralized blockchain network. Smart contracts permit trusted transactions and agreements to be carried out among disparate, anonymous parties without the need for a central authority, legal system, or external enforcement mechanism. They render transactions traceable, transparent, and irreversible.

Blockchain was the technology originally developed for Bitcoin, but blockchain technology has since evolved far beyond the scope of virtual currency*.

KEYRPTO smart contract rules the following aspects;

PRODUCT/SERVICE



SELLER

CRYPTOCURRENCY

KEYRPTO.COM



BUYER

12

www.investopedia.com



KEYRPTO PLATFORM DESIGN

13 KEYRPTO.COM



KEYRPTO PLATFORM DESIGN

14 KEYRPTO.COM



THE KYT TOKEN

The KYT token will be able to be spent on the platform for online store registration fees, or for purchasing of goods and/or services. In both cases payments with KYT will provide a significant discount on platform usage.

You can also sell the token in supported exchanges, or hold it for future use within our wallet or any ERC20 compatible wallet.

In addition to this, the intrinsic value of each KYT token will increase with platform usage as a burn metric will be implemented to add more value to investors.

TOKEN BURN METRIC

When using KEYRPTO, a fee will need to be paid in some circumstances. For example, when a transaction takes place, or when a seller sets up an online store. A portion of this fee (Yet to be determined) will be used to purchase and burn KYT tokens, increasing the inherent value of those remaining. This gives added incentive for investors to buy tokens and participate in the Keyrpto ecosystem.

As an example, the market cap of KEYRPTO at ICO will be $5.1million. With 510 million KYT tokens, this equates to 1 cent per token. If in 6-12 months, 255 million KEY tokens are burnt due to fees and the market cap remains the same, each token is now worth 2 cents.

To ensure the token supply does not run out, the number of tokens burnt is equivalent to the number of tokens remaining. So initially for example, 5 tokens of 25 million may be burnt in a transaction fee, but over time this amount may reduce to 0.5 tokens of 2.5 million.

15 KEYRPTO.COM



TOKEN OFFERING

 KEYRPTO has its own token  The KYT will be freely traded on crypto-exchanges  All tokens will be created during the ICO period  The number of tokens are limited to 1,000,000,000 KYT  Total tokens for sale 510,000,000 KYT  Unsold tokens during the ICO are burnt  Team tokens will be locked for 1 year



TOKEN DISTRIBUTION



10%

Operation

10%

Marketing



4%

Advisors



5%

Bounty and Early Investors



51%

Token Sale



20%

Team



16 KEYRPTO.COM



ROAD MAP

Regarding timelines for this project, the following showcases tentative milestones and target date for each phase:



KEYRPTO.COM



JULY 2017 CONCEPT

AUGUST 2017 PROOF OF CONCEPT

OCTOBER 2017 WHITE PAPER & CONCEPT DEVELOPMENT

DECEMBER 2017 PLATFORM PROTOTYPE

JANUARY 2018 TOKEN SALE

Q1 2018 PLATFORM BETA

Q3 2018 PLATFORM LAUNCH

Q4 2018 MOBILE APP LAUNCH

Q4 2018 MARKETING CAMPAIGN

LATE 2019 GLOBAL EXPANSION

17



MEET OUR TEAM



OSATOFGMsaVamAlueaCMShaaOmlepmRionAD

Majored in Computer Science and

BEEngineering. Master in E-commerce. Certified PMP, MCTS, MCITP, MCPD, MCT. He is an entrepreneur in the Blockchain

AN INNOVATOR space. Senior developer of Ethereum with a deep understanding of, and engineering experience, with blockchain architecture, Thinksm"aortuctsoindteracotfs atnhde cobnosxe"n, suthsinalkgonriethwm, st.hink creatively and share your ideas; question why we do things the way that we do. Constantly seek to find ways for the company to operate more effectively, efficiently and profitably. Your commitment to transform and embrace change will ensure that we continue to excel in all areas.



MASAUD FAISAL

Masaud is an experienced technologist and investor in Bitcoin and alt-coins. He has

years of experience maintaining application IT infrastructure and data centres, with

99.99% uptime and 100% security. Masaud is responsible for deployment, quality assurance & IT security.



MOHAMED SAMIR

An independent Experience Design consultant and a multidisciplinary artist. His work focuses on user-centric data informed experience design and interaction models. Background also includes digital marketing

and project management.



RONNEL CASTRO

PMP, ITIL, Microsoft Server and Infrastructure Certified, Firewalls, Network Security and Digital Communications expert. Ron has been dealing with Data Centres, Servers, Databases, Network & Communications Infrastructure for over 10 years. Providing

Data Centre and Network security solutions on large organizations.



18 KEYRPTO.COM



MEET OUR TEAM



CHRIS BRENNAN

Owner and founder of Cryptalk, Chris has made a name for himself in the Crypto

space through his community management skills and level headedness in times of crisis.

He will be across all of our social media platforms working with our community.



SWAPNIL SHARMA

Swapnil is a Top Rated PHP Expert. An accomplished PHP Developer, with a solid experience of 8 years allows him to provide the highest-quality services on his field. He developed complex and robust large scale web application using Symfony framework. He has been helping entrepreneurs and big companies all around the world to design, plan, create effective websites and provide best digital marketing solutions. He will be managing our Platform Development Team.



AMIR HASSAN

Amir has worked in Financial and Banking Domain in over 10 years, analysis, design and development of web/browser based applications accessed by bankers and nonfinancial. Microsoft certified professional

and developer. Strong OOP concepts (Object Oriented Programming). Full system

development life cycle (SDLC).



RANJAN MAZUMDER

Ranjan is a blockchain enthusiastic, he is an Internetwork expert holding +15 years of experience in designing and building very complex datacentres which specifically build to deliver financial services. He holds

MSc degree in Information Technology from Middlesex University, UK. He is also an active CCIE certified by Cisco System. He is a firm

believer in digital assets.



19 KEYRPTO.COM



ADVISORS



SHAFRAZ NASSER

TECHNICAL ADVISOR

Expert in Customer Relationship Management Systems, Shaf spent over 10 years working in various

senior IT consultancy roles for large organizations such as Telecom New Zealand, Infosys and HP Enterprise Services. And currently the Director of a large Information Technology Software and Infrastructure Team. Over these years he has

specialized in using technology to help his clients achieve successful business outcomes; clients that

ranged from small-medium sized enterprises to multinational corporations.



Thibault Launay

ADVISOR

Thibault Launay is a serial entrepreneur with ventures in a Europe and Africa spanning a number of sectors including e-commerce

(CEO and co-founder of Afrimalin.com, a leading online classifieds business in 8 African countries). He also serves as an advisor to Senditoo.com, an international mobile top-up business. He has a deep understanding of e-commerce strategy and is also a Crypto enthusiast. Thibault has a Masters degree in Asset Management/ Finance from Paris Dauphine University.



Romain Girbal

ADVISOR

Romain is a serial entrepreneur and investor, has an extensive African business experience (over 10 years spent on the continent) and expertise in sectors such as e-commerce (co-founder of www.afrimalin.com), top up transfer (Board member and investor of www.senditoo. com), e-health sector (board member and investor of www.urgencedocteurs.com), and mining (CEO and cofounder of www.amrbauxite.com). Romain is very active in the crypto-currency world and a strong believer that blockchain is reshaping the world. He is graduated from HEC Paris business school and speaks French, English,

Spanish and German.

20 KEYRPTO.COM



DISCLAIMER

This white paper shall not and cannot be considered as an invitation to enter into an investment. It does not constitute or relate in any way nor should it be considered as an offering of securities in any jurisdiction.

This white paper does not include or contain any information or indication that might be considered as a recommendation or that might be used as a basis for any investment decision.

KYT tokens are just utility tokens which can be used only on the KEYRPTO platform and are not intended to be used as an investment.

The offering of KYT tokens on a trading platform is done in order to allow the use of the KEYRPTO platform and not for speculative purposes. The offering of KYT tokens on a trading platform does not change the legal qualification of the tokens, which remain a simple means for the use of the KEYRPTO platform and are not a security.

KEYRPTO is not to be considered as an advisor in any legal, tax or financial matters. Any information in the white paper is provided for general information purposes only and KEYRPTO does not provide any warranty as to the accuracy and completeness of this information.

KEYRPTO is not a financial intermediary according to Swiss law and is not required to obtain any authorization for Anti Money Laundering purposes.

KEYRPTO will do its utmost to launch its operations and develop the KEYRPTO platform. Anyone undertaking to acquire KYT tokens acknowledges and understands that KEYRPTO does not provide any guarantee that it will manage to achieve it. They acknowledge and understand therefore that KEYRPTO assumes no liability or responsibility for any loss or damage that would result from or relate to the incapacity

21 KEYRPTO.COM



to use KYT tokens, except in case of intentional misconduct or gross negligence.

By participating in the crowdsale, the purchaser agrees to the above and in particular, they represent and warrant that they:  have read carefully the Terms & Conditions attached to the white paper;

agree to their full contents and accept to be legally bound by them;  are authorized and have full power to purchase KYT tokens according to

the laws that apply in their jurisdiction of domicile;  are not a U.S. citizen, resident or entity (a "U.S. Person") nor are they

purchasing KEYRPTO or signing on behalf of a U.S. Person;  are not resident in China or South Korea and nor are they purchasing

KEYRPTO or signing on behalf of a Chinese or South Korea resident;  live in a jurisdiction which allows KEYRPTO to sell its tokens through a

crowdsale without requiring any local authorization;  are familiar with all related regulations in the specific jurisdiction in

which they are based and that purchasing cryptographic tokens in that jurisdiction is not prohibited, restricted or subject to additional conditions of any kind;  will not use the crowdsale for any illegal activity, including but not limited to money laundering and the financing of terrorism;  have sufficient knowledge about the nature of the cryptographic tokens and have significant experience with, and functional understanding of, the usage and intricacies of dealing with cryptographic tokens and currencies and blockchain-based systems and services;  purchase KYT tokens because they wish to have access to the KEYRPTO platform;  are not purchasing KYT tokens for the purpose of speculative investment or usage.

22 KEYRPTO.COM



KEYRPTO.COM



All of the information presented in None of the information herein should



tbheiscwonhsitterupeadpearsilsetgeanl,taatcicvoeuanntdinigs,sourbijnevcetsttomcehnatnagdevaicteaonfyatnimy ek.in2d3.



KEYRPTO.COM



