A Consortium Blockchain for the Derivative and Capital Markets

WHITEPAPER



Table of Contents

I. Executive Summary i Letter from the Chief Executive Of cer ii Mission Statement iii LucidExchange Organizational Structure i. Glossary ii. The Foundation iii. LucidExchange Trading Platform iv Disrupting the Trading Industry with Blockchain Technology

II. Problem Overview III. Bene ts IV. Key Technologies

i Smart Contracts ii Matching Algorithm iii Trade Escrow iv Multi-Ledger Integration v Suspicious Activity Monitoring vi Trading Platform V. Products VI. Leverage Fee Structure VII. Token Mechanism i Token Value ii Pegged Tokens iii Early Token Sale (ETS) VIII. Use of Funds IX. Leadership X. Risks

2



Executive Summary

Letter from the Chief Executive Of cer

"Lucidity" the one critical ingredient that is missing in the traditional derivatives and capital markets.

LucidExchange plans to become a beacon of fairness in the new age of the Internet of Money, using blockchain technology to create a fair distribution of risk.

The current dynamics and technology limitations in the derivatives and capital markets add super uous costs to the trading process, costs that only serve to compensate the multitude of intermediaries necessary for the traditional system to effectuate"trust." LucidExchange will be the optimal marketplace: providing lucidity like never before, deciphering the trust conundrum, eliminating commonplace fees, and solving liquidity issues.

The Lucid Foundation, led by a management team of veteran Fintech entrepreneurs and experts in blockchain technology, derivative markets, legal, mathematics, cryptography, and computer programming, plans to lead the development of an open source protocol that will become the accepted standard for trading derivatives and equities around the world. This protocol will be built to work on a consortium blockchain and will utilize standardized self-executing smart contracts to facilitate trades. The LTCC protocol will be the engine behind any future trading platform.

We will usher a worldwide adoption to our new trust protocol, LTCC (lucidity, trust, community, control). No longer will traders be required to handover their funds to third party trustees for any part of the trade, hoping that their designated trustee will handle their funds as originally intended. (See the aftermath of MF Global collapse in late 2011, where 1.2 billion dollars disappeared overnight.) To support the adoption of the Foundation's protocol, we will also develop and run the

rst LucidExchange platform, to be the rst U.S. regulated futures exchange for commodities, securities, and currencies, built on the Foundation's protocol.

The LTCC protocol will provide traders with an immutable ledger that powers the most cost-ef cient, transparent, and comprehensive trading platform available in the derivatives and securities marketplace. Our smart contracts serve the role of clearinghouses as they automatically track and maintain a trader's position, eliminating non-payment risk, and providing instantaneous

3



settlement upon expiration. At last, individuals will truly trade on a peer-to-peer trading exchange, in a fully transparent marketplace without the opacity, costs and delays associated with traditional brokerages. We invite you to learn more about our business, and to be a part of our groundbreaking movement to transform trading in the derivatives and capital markets. - Ephi Zlotnitsky, Chief Executive Of cer

"I could either watch something happen or be a part of it." - Elon Musk

***

The full copy of our whitepaper will be released as we get closer to the ICO

date

4



