WELCOME TO LUXCESS GROUP

White Paper November 20, 2017 Contents of the white paper are subject to changes and improvements.



"

SOMETIMES THE BIGGEST RISK IS NOT

TAKING ANY!



Bex Bostjan

FOUNDER & CEO



"



SUMMARY



1. ABSTRACT



1



2. OUR STORY



6



3. VISION & MISSION



8



3.1. PILLAR



10



3.2. offices



12



3.3. platform



14



4. PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS



16



4.1. LOW LIQUIDITY, SLOW INTRODUCTION OF AND ADJUSTMENT



16



TO NOVELTIES



4.2. COMMISSIONS



16



4.2.1. What does profit share mean?



16



4.3. (TOO) LARGE FUND CHOICE



16



4.4. HIGH INITIAL INPUT



17



4.5. time deposit



17



4.6. NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL



17



5. LUXCESS PERFORMANCE 5.1. forex

5.1.1. Forex 2014 5.1.2. Forex 2015 5.1.3. Forex 2016



18 20

21 22 23

White Paper | Luxcess group 3



5.1.4. Forex 2017



24



5.2. CRYPTOCURRENCY



26



5.2.1. Crypto HOLDNIG POTFOLIO 2016 - 2017



27



5.2.2. Crypto TRADING



28



5.2.3. ICO INITIAL COIN OFFERING



29



6. THE LUXCESS ROYAL PLATFORM



30



7. FOR INVESTORS



34



7.1. FOR CRYPTO INVESTORS



34



7.2. FOR "FIAT" INVESTORS



34



7.3. WHY SUPPORT OUR PROJECT?



34



7.4. INVESTMENTS ON THE ROYAL PLATFORM



36



8. WHAT IS LXC COIN?



37



9. TOKEN DETAILS



38



9.1. ICO DETAILS



38



10. ALLOCATION OF RECEIVED FUNDS



40



11. roadmap



42



12. TEAM



44



12.1. LUXCESS GROUP TEAM



44



12.2. LUXCESS GROUP EXTERNAL COOPERATION AND COUNSELORS



46



13. PARTNERs



48



14. TERMS OF SERVICE



49



1. ABSTRACT

Luxcess Group is a first Initial Coin Offering project, that offers three types of earnings and will reward its first supporters with a lifetime reward. This investment company formed the Royal platform, which is based on blockchain technology. All investors will be able to deposit their coins on this platform, which will operate on the principal of PROFIT SHARE. That means that you will only pay a commission on the profits we will create. You will be able to fully control your capital.

Luxcess Group will increase the LXC coin price by investing in our projects only with our LXC coin. Join us and together we will create a better tomorrow.



4 White Paper | Luxcess group



White Paper | Luxcess group 5



2. OUR STORY

The name "Luxcess" consists of two words, "Luxury" and "Success" that very well describe our team's goals. The word "Luxury", on the one hand, represents abundance, quality, luxury, and surplus, but, on the other hand, the word "Success" stands for success as a crucial characteristic. When these two words are combined, we get a strong combination that indicates the direction in which the story and the people who stand behind it will go. The word "Group" was added to this coinage, representing community, connection, and team.

It all began in the year 2013 when we traded our own financial means and invested them in shares, gold, silver and currencies. In the first half of the year 2014, we started connecting people with the same thinking and interests. In that period, we realised that two heads are better than one, since each person sees things differently and from their own perspective. Thus, we started working as a real team, which allowed for qualitative analyses and trading multiple things at the same time. Soon after that, we noticed a distinct result improvement.

When we did research about the Forex market, we were attracted to the expression cryptocurrency, and we started researching in this direction, too. When in the year 2015 we found out that the idea of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology was excellent and promising, we turned to this field even more. As our extended analysis indicated the room for positive results, we decided to add cryptocurrencies to our portfolio. This was one of the reasons that in the 2016 we enlarged our team and established the Luxcess Group.

The Luxcess Group is a young team that consists of 25 traders, experts, analysts and external collaborators who have more than six years' experience of working on the Forex market, Crypto trading, start-up investments, and precious metal trading (gold and silver). The team that established Luxcess Group was united by the passion for trading, investments and achieving good business results.

Until today, the Luxcess team has been providing and taking care of its own means and those of some private clients, achieving enviable results. Those results have been achieved by means of a system that combines diversified investment portfolio, fast responsiveness to change and innovation, experienced traders, external advisers and excellent teamwork.

6 White Paper | Luxcess group



Due to these results and a growing interest, the Luxcess team came to a turning point. We, the founders, have decided to step forward, give the opportunity to the general public and give people a chance to have a safe and better future. We have decided to become the first investment trust that would allow not only for a fast, simple and safe investment, but would also give you an opportunity to become a part of this excellent story and the Luxcess Group family. Since we succeeded as a team, we believe that the key to success is being integrated as a whole. We believe that each member of the group will aid in their own, as well as in other members' success.



2013

Trading of own founds



2014



first half Team

formation



second half Research of Forex

market and increasing interest in cryptocurrency



2015

first half



Detailed study of cryptoworld and blockchain technology



second half Education on the

crypto area



november



21. OcTOBER



OcTOBER



first half



Connecting with external consultants



Receiving the first Founding of the privat clients Luxcess team and the system



Adding crypto currencies to personal portfolio



2016



2017

Design of the Luxcess group

project



september



4. october



The first presentation of the

Luxcess group (privat)



Investing 35.000 EUR in to a project

from our own resources



15. october 1. november



Presentation of the entire graphic

image of the project



Official presentation of the Luxcess

group



15. november Presentation of the website

and white paper



White Paper | Luxcess group 7



3. VISION & MISSION

The vision of our investment group, Luxcess, is to help people become a part of a big investment family. On the other hand, the goal is to enable a transparent management and capital escalation for as many people as possible. We have always believed that teamwork, up-to-date information and discipline are most important for success.

We will not only join the investments, such as crypto-holding, crypto-trading, forex trading, silver and gold and start up projects, but will also provide for integration of the general public into a big family, which will increase the generated profit and provide for a better tomorrow of all of its members.

To get Luxcess closer to people, we are going to open many new offices in 2018, 2019 and 2020. There, people will have the opportunity to find out more about the Luxcess Group, where our colleagues will always be available for your questions. In addition to this, it will be possible to buy, sell or change LXC coins in these offices.



"

PRICE IS WHAT

YOU PAY.

VALUE IS WHAT

YOU GET.



Warren Buffett



"



8 White Paper | Luxcess group



3.1. PILLAR

The new project of the Luxcess team lies on the four pillars, which are as follows: transparency, system, trend and team work.



1 SySTEM

We have stuck to an excellent system for years. It combines a diversified investment portfolio, experiences, and teamwork.

The diversified investment portfolio combines old-style and modern investments, which work together splendidly and provide safe and long-term incomes.

Each income strategy has its fluctuations. Thus, our team developed a system that combines more strategies, techniques and branch investments, and groups them in a whole with a goal to keep a constant income and clients' contentment.



2 team work

As it has already been stressed, the most important pillar of our vision is teamwork. Our team is bound by a common purpose  the realisation of the project that we have begun.

Firstly, different opinions and points of view were brought together and later coordinated and combined into the best possible solution that will yield the best results for the project. For this reason, the teamwork in indispensable for us.



3 Transparency

The Luxcess Group ensures the clarity and understandability of the whole story, because we believe that this is the only way to success and general contentment.

Our platform, Royal, will enable a constant control over investors' capital and will enable the payout of the means or their increase. It is important to bear in mind that our team's principle is to operate at low risk, which means that we make smaller, but more constant and reliable profits, because we believe that this is the only longterm way forward in the world of investments.



4 TREND

The Luxcess group is a young innovative group, which stands by the fact that it is always important to follow trends. We are convinced that it is imperative to keep in step with the times and get everything from the new trends that will aid in the clients' contentment and mutual success.

We believe that we have to learn from the innovations, which is why we started training new personnel in the ways of blockchain technology. This will allow for an even greater success, contentment and profit in the future.



3.2. OFFICES

Almost everything has been moved to the Internet already, but we still think that inperson contact is much more effective, accepting and friendly. It is important to stress that most scams and unreliable stories happen on the Internet.



We are planning to open several more offices by 2020, where our advisers and colleagues will be at your disposal to choose the best options for you. They will answer your questions, you will be able to buy or sell coins, or just get the basic information.



USA Los Angeles

12 White Paper | Luxcess group



EUROPE Ljubljana, Zagreb, Beograd, Madrid, Berlin, Amsterdam,

London, Milan



russia Moskow



United Arab Emirates Dubai



Bangkok

aSIA Singapore



AUSTRALIA Sidney



White Paper | Luxcess group 13



3.3. platform

We developed the Royal platform because we wanted our investors to have a constant control over their capital. The platform's advantage is the blockchain technology on which it is based. This means that you will have constant control over your capital and you can always decide to raise the capital, withdraw only one part or the whole capital, all without entry and exit charge. On the platform, you can check your credit, investment history and coin price.



4. PROBLEMS AND SOLUTIONS

4.1 LOW LIQUIDITY, SLOW INTRODUCTION OF AND ADJUSTMENT TO NOVELTIES

The very first problem that we have noticed is low liquidity because trading strategies often include assets that are difficult to trade for money because of the limited number of buyers and sellers. Fast sell (cash gains for the investor) can have negative impacts on profits. To avoid problems the following measures have been put in place.

The second problem that we have noticed is the obsolescence of management. They are not inclined to make changes and only defend old-style strategies they understand. We have found out that each investment and strategy have uctuations. To keep constant pro tability and to satisfy users and investors, we have developed the system that will combine di erent sectors, strategies, techniques, and investment branches into one powerful family  the Luxcess Group. This includes all branches and more than 25 traders, experts, advisers and analysts at one place, who will provide for capital growth, day by day.

We know that only changes are the key to success; hence, the Luxcess Group has a special team of the analysts who constantly monitor the potential novelties and trends that might improve our primary system.

4.2 COMMISSIONS

The majority of financial funds have enormous entry charges, management fees, exit charges and many ongoing charges. Usually, even though the commissions are charged to you, the investors, that still does not necessarily mean that you will get any income out of the investment. At the Luxcess Group, the users and investors will pay, thanks to the Royal Platform (RP), only one commission  the PROFIT SHARE.

4.2.1. What does PROFIT SHARE mean?

The Luxcess Group offers an investment without entry and exit charges. For the sake of mutual contentment and long-term relation, we decided that only the profit that we make will be shared; namely, 70% for the client and 30% for the Luxcess Group. This goes to assure you that we will make an effort to constantly increase your capital and its growth rate.

16 White Paper | Luxcess group



4.3 (TOO) LARGE FUND CHOICE

Nowadays, there are numerous investment houses where you can invest your money. Many big funds bring very small yields over long periods, but, sometimes, there is no yield at all. Before any profit is made, you are given extra opportunities that, in turn, lead to new opportunities. The investors are confused and caught in a vicious circle. It can also happen that you have to decide for a fund or investment only by yourself, even though you lack experience, which can lead to disappointment. This is what we have changed in the Luxcess Group. You invest your capital in the Luxcess Group and we disperse your money over our portfolio. The results that we make will be combined and shown in the LXC INDEX, which will be visible on our Royal Platform. Thus, you are given a chance to invest even without experience and still make profit with your capital. The best thing is that you have constant control over your capital.

4.4 HIGH INITIAL INPUT

Umbrella funds can be more successful than common funds, but their initial inputs are so high that they are accessible only to rich investors, whose capital can put up with the loss of often-risky investments. Their initial inputs range from 10,000 to 100,000 euros; therefore, they are not accessible for the majority of people. However, we, the Luxcess Group, think that all people should have an equal opportunity, thus there is no minimum input. The chance to become a part of our family is opened to everybody, and your money will be dispersed in the same portfolio as ours.

4.5 time deposit

In many investment companies, you have to tie up your money for a certain period of time, which means that you cannot access the money. This can last for some months, or even a year. You cannot access the money because you signed the contract which can be broken only if you pay a high exit charge.

In the Luxcess Group, you are the boss of your capital. This means that you can manage your money (withdrawal, deposit) at any time; no questions asked or explanations required.

4.6 NOTICE OF WITHDRAWAL

The fund manager has to be notified in advance (few weeks or months) about the planned withdrawal to allow for the time for the liquidation of the positions. Many funds enable the return of the investor's principal only on given dates or at the end of each quarter; sometimes business year. Royal platform allows the withdrawal of the money at any time without problems.

White Paper | Luxcess group 17



5. LUXCESS PERFORMANCE

overall more than 3247.82%



5.1.1 forex 2014



LXC 2014



5.1. forex

Forex or FX market is an abbreviation for two English words  foreign and exchange, which refers to currency trading with CFD. Trading volume on the Forex market is 5.5 trillion dollars, and it is the most liquid and unobstructed market in the world. It is open 5 days a week, 24 hours a day.



White Paper | Luxcess group 21



5.1.2 forex 2015 LXC 2015



5.1.3 forex 2016



LXC 2016



22 White Paper | Luxcess group



White Paper | Luxcess group 23



5.1.4 forex 2017 LXC 2017

24 White Paper | Luxcess group



5.2.1. Crypto HOLDNIG POTFOLIO 2016 - 2017



5.2. CRYPTOCURRENCY

Cryptocurrencies, in other terms, are digital money. They have the same characteristics as physical/real money (banknotes, coins), but, besides that, they enable immediate transaction to other accounts, regardless of the countries in which the accounts are registered. What makes the currency secure is the fact that it was made by means of cryptography. Cryptocurrencies multiply through the so-called web mining, by solving complex mathematical formulas.



White Paper | Luxcess group 27



5.2.2. Crypto TRADING



5.2.3. ICO INITIAL COIN OFFERING



28 White Paper | Luxcess group



5.2.4. MINING



White Paper | Luxcess group 29



6. THE LUXCESS ROYAL PLATFORM

This is an investment platform on which, with mere clicks, you invest LXC coins in the internal LXC index, which is formed by portfolio's successfulness.

The advantage of the platform is that it is based on the blockchain technology, which has many positive factors, such as quickness, transparency, accuracy, reliability, security and decentralisation.

On the platform, you will have constant control over your capital, and you can, at any time, decide to raise your capital, withdraw one part or withdraw the entire capital without an entry or exit charge. Here, you can check your current account credit, history of investments, the price of the LXC coin, any important information, as well as the news about the Luxcess Group. The platform is very simple to use, but still offers professional investments. It is going to be available as a mobile application, too.

As we have mentioned before, transparency in the Luxcess Group is vital, and this is one of the reasons why we decided to establish the Royal platform.



ADVANTAGES OF ROYAL PLATFORM



Easy to use



Transparent



All in one place



Free



ZERO FEE



No lock period



30 White Paper | Luxcess group



Fast deposit and withdraw



Mobile App (coming soon)



Security

White Paper | Luxcess group 31



32 White Paper | Luxcess group



White Paper | Luxcess group 33



7. FOR INVESTORS

The intention of the The Luxcess Group is to introduce investment to the general public. We wish to introduce it as an activity in which anyone can be involved. Thus, the idea and the platform are designed in a way that ensures a fast and quick use, since everything can be done with several clicks of the mouse. We are the first project that offers you three types of earnings:

the coin price growth, a reward in case of your support from the outset, and Royal Luxcess Trading.

7.1. FOR CRYPTO INVESTORS

We offer you a rare opportunity that is not "pump and dump" but a chance for a longterm income. Also, we added extra rewards for your loyalty.

7.2. FOR "FIAT" INVESTORS

With this project you have an excellent opportunity to become a part of a crypto-world, taste its advantages over classic investments and follow the trend. The advantage of the blockchain technology is its quickness, transparency, negligible commissions, accuracy, reliability, safety and decentralisation.

7.3. WHY SUPPORT OUR PROJECT?

The Luxcess offers you three types of earnings. The first possibility is Initial coin offering or ICO where you can buy the LXC coins at the best price. We have developed the system that will reward everybody who will be loyal to us from the very beginning.

34 White Paper | Luxcess group



INVESTORS



15.000 



100.000

LXC coin



MARKETING



180020%



luxcess group ico

40% 6000 



60% 9000 



100%



65% 



5850



DEVELOPMENT



8% 720  7% 630 



OPERATION LEGAL



portfolio



INVESTORS

ROYAL PLATFORM

(WITHDRAW ANYTIME)



50%



Lifetime



profit

1x month



50%



luxcess group



30%

development



10%

team



10%

BUY BACK = BURN



We have decided to share the profit, because we want to show our gratitude to everybody who supported us from the very beginning. As a reward, we will pay out our coins to the ICO investors for the rest of their lives, which will be a guarantee for an additional passive income.



White Paper | Luxcess group 35



7.4. INVESTMENTS ON THE ROYAL PLATFORM

The Luxcess team has created the Royal platform, where you invest your coins after the purchase. At that point, you decide whether you invest the coins in Hold or LXC index. The Royal Luxcess Hold is an option where you safely store and keep your coins. You then make a profit or lose it, depending on whether the coin price rises or falls on the official stock markets. You can transfer your coins to Royal Luxcess Trading at any time, or withdraw them and put in your wallet.

Investing coins in the Royal Luxcess Trading gives you an additional opportunity to create profit. All LXC coins that you invest in trading will be dispersed in an existing portfolio. Profits and losses will be recorded in a joint internal LXC index, and your yield will be based on it. LXC index shows performance or profit growth percentage, which is created in the complete portfolio of the Luxcess Group.

AN EXAMPLE: If you invest your coins at the index value 1.00 and it increases to 2.00, you made a 100% yield. In case of withdrawal, the platform automatically deducts PROFIT SHARE (30% of the yield) whereas the rest of the money is transferred to Royal Luxcess Hold. From there, your coins can find their place in your wallet.



INVESTORS



ROYAL PLATFORM

HOLD



8. WHAT IS LXC COIN?

The LXC coin is the Luxcess Group's icing on the cake. People who believe in our team and the project will earn even more extra money with the coin.

Crypto-analysts believe that more than 90% of coins have no future. There is an important difference between having an idea and realising it. They believe that the road from an idea to realisation is long and difficult; therefore, only the strongest can brave it.

The Luxcess Group team has developed a system that guarantees long-term profit. We will achieve an excellent coin price on the market, because investing in our projects will be possible only with our coin. The coin price will be stable and constant growth will be secured, which is a guarantee that more and more people will invest in our coin. In time, more money will be needed to buy coins, which is the only option for people to join our story.



Trading / investing lxc index (li)



70% profit +

amount invested



profit



30% PROFIT SHARE luxcess group



36 White Paper | Luxcess group



10%

development/ marketing



9%

team operations



10%

burn



1%

charity



White Paper | Luxcess group 37



9. TOKEN DETAILS



Symbol: LXC Common offer: 75.000.000 Platform: Ethereum (ETH)

The Luxcess group chose the Ethereum platform, mostly because of the safety and stability, as well as the superior integration of the platform.

9.1. ICO DETAILS

With participating in the ICO project, you will get the LXC coins.

The cryptocurrencies that will be accepted is Ethereum (ETH). Starting price of 1 LXC coin will be 0.15 USD during the ICO project. The number of coins that you will receive depends on when exactly you invest in the ICO project. Those who invest in the project earlier will be awarded with bigger number of coins. This means that earlier investment brings you more coins.

We will use the following bonuses:



12%

pre-sale

4%

Week 3

38 White Paper | Luxcess group



8%

Week 1

2%

Week 4



6%

Week 2

0%

Week 5



The price of the LXC coin will be fixed at 0.15 $. When the sale finishes, the LXC coin will be available in exchange bureaus, where the price will be defined in line with marketbased mechanisms and interests. The Luxcess Group will issue 60 million coins. In case they are not sold during the ICO project, they will be burnt. The token sale procedure will take place within a limited timeframe, as per the project strategy. During the ICO project, you will be able to check the progress of fund-raising by clicking on the given link. Even the smallest contribution will be noted, updated and shown on the diagram. When the ICO project finishes, the investors will receive the coins and start trading in recognised exchange bureaus.

White Paper | Luxcess group 39



10. ALLOCATION OF RECEIVED FUNDS

All funds that we will receive under the ICO project will be dispersed across five branches:

1. DEVELOPMENT: 30%

Development is very important for every company. Improvement of even the most successful company can slow down if they are not constantly open to novelties, do not plan improvements or if they lack new ideas in practice. In the Luxcess Group, we employ a group of people who provide for development, novelties and changes, creating development strategies in collaboration with external advisers.

2. TRADING INVESTING PORTFOLIO: 40%

40% of the investments will be put in our portfolio. This is how we will provide for bigger yields and, consequently, for coin price growth on the stock markets.

3. MARKETING: 20%

Marketing is the second most important branch after development and provides for a company's growth. Even if the company's product is one of the best on the market, marketing is still important. If nobody knows about the product, it might not sell well. The Luxcess Group will collaborate with advertisers and external advertising agencies, which will make sure that the name of Luxcess Group becomes world-famous. Also different events, webinars, offices, etc. will be organised and created to spread the name. We will combine old and new advertising strategies in order to ensure recognisability.

40 White Paper | Luxcess group



4% 4. OVERHEADS AND ADMINISTRATION EXPENSES:

This part is needed for daily expenses and helps the company to work without disturbance. The expenses are as follows: rent, furniture and software acquisition, salaries, event expenses, operational costs, travelling, etc.

5. LAW AND LEGISLATION: 6%

Since the Luxcess Group is going to be globally active, we are planning to work in compliance with laws of each country. This means that we intend to provide the necessary documentation, ensuring and encouraging people's trust in our company, the Luxcess Group.

White Paper | Luxcess group 41



11. roadmap



2018



15. january Office

Ljubljana



20. january START

promotion events



1. march

START Pre-Sale



7. august New Trading

floor



1. july Company and EU

license



1. september Office

Beograd



1. october Office Madrid



15. november

Presentation of the new product



6. june Mobile App

1. december Luxcess party (for the investors)



april Office Berlin

june Office Singapore



februar Office

Amsterdam

august USA license and

office LA



2020

october Office Sidney



42 White Paper | Luxcess group



18. march

END Pre-Sale START Sale



7. APRIL Office Dubai



1. june Royal platform



17. may Office Zagreb



2019



februar Office London



april Office Milan



7. december Luxcess party (for the investors)

5. december Luxcess party (for the investors)



oktober

Presentation of the new product



10. april END Sale

1. may Royal Beta platform

may Office Moscow

september Asia license and office Bangkok

White Paper | Luxcess group 43



12. TEAM

12.1 LUXCESS GROUP TEAM



BEX BOSTJAN

FOUNDER & CEO



44 White Paper | Luxcess group



LUKA LAH

CO-FOUNDER & COO



URSA SKERLJ

CMO



SPELA SKERLJ

CAO



ZAN PETRIC

HEAD OF TRADING

ROOM



MARTIN MOHAR

MARKET RESEARCHER AND

ANALYZER



ANDRAZ OMAHEN

blockchain developer



JOHN MOHAR

HEAD OF SOCIAL MEDIA



GASPER TRATNIK

HEAD OF ADVERTISING

White Paper | Luxcess group 45



12.2 LUXCESS GROUP EXTERNAL COOPERATION AND COUNSELORS



DAVID PALKA

FOREX TRADING ADVISER



ANDRIJANO VUJASIN

CRYPTO DEVELOPMENT AND

BLOCKCHAIN EXPERT



TADEJ BOGATAJ

IT



JASMINA KOSEDNAR

GRAPHIC DESIGNER



ANJA SIMREICH

PR



ALJOSA SATLER

Full - time trader



+ 10 TRADERS

46 White Paper | Luxcess group



"

What do you see? Oportunity is NOWHERE

or opportunity is NOW HERE!



Luxcess group



"



13. PARTNERs

48 White Paper | Luxcess group



14. TERMS OF SERVICE

Participants contribute to the project on a voluntary basis and their participation can in no way be determined or treated as an investment in the ownership of the company, owning the project and the IP at www.luxcess-group.com. Participants agree to the Terms os Service published at www.luxcess-group.com/disclaimer. The ownership of the coin does not include the right to:

ownership of the company ownership of an IP service participation in decision-making, unless decisions are intended for holders of the coin The team of founders has a 100% stake in the project and has all the votes, so they have complete control of the strategy and everyday decision making. The company owns all the intellectual property of the service, which includes: brand and domain the source code of the site the ranking algorithm database pro Participants/coin owners do not assume any ownership of the intellectual property of the company.

White Paper | Luxcess group 49



info@luxcess-group.com www.luxcess-group.com

Copyright  Luxcess group



