M

ADRENALINE INSPIRED

WHITEPAPER v1.1



TABLE OF CONTENT



01



Introduction

Abstract // A Short Brief // 3 Pillars of Our Project // Grand Ideas // Genius Points



02 Machtcoin Platform Machtcoin Specification // Integrated Eco-system Application



03 Machtcoin ICO & Funds Distribution Initial Coin Offering // Funds Distribution



04



Revolutionary Business Plan

Staking Plan // Lending Program // MAC Manager Rules // Macht Manager Bonus



05 Roadmap and Risk Roadmap // Risks



Introduction

4



Abstract

In this paper, we will focus on 3 pillars of our project and application based on blockchain technology. The 3 pillars of our project are sports, travel & tourism industry, and trading. The purpose of this document is to illustrate the vision of MACHTCOIN, explain the problems we are solving from 3 pillars of big business which is sport, travel & tourism, and trading, and how we are going to achieve our goals in the future with MACHTCOIN project.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



5



A Short Brief



Creating our future with Machtcoin

In the era of blockchain technology, a decentralized database and transaction is needed for every aspect of life to avoid any manipulation from third parties and agencies. We highlight the big business in the world that expanding in every year. Based on the power of knowledge, we will build an advanced eco-system application based on blockchain for 3 pillars we choose since they are rapidly grow exponentially in the future (sport, travel & tourism, and trading). We will simplified any transaction to its basic principle of intrinsic value of decentralized economy and collecting The big data network with lower fees, transparent, fast transaction, and bring profits for our community. We considered MACHTCOIN as an adrenaline to boost your fulfillment of needs in our 3 pillars of MACHTCOIN project and cryptocurrency. Let's talk about 3 pillars of our project in MACHTCOIN.

Sport is a high profile global business, which excites and entertains, builds allegiances and generates intense rivalries. In a 2014 report, leading management consulting firm A.T. Kearney estimated the global sports industry to be worth approximately $600-700 billion. The same year saw investments to the tune of $1 billion poured into sports-tech startups around the world, underlining just how much potential these new-age ventures hold. These investments are indicative of an industry-wide impetus of investment into sports-tech startups. Every aspect of sports consumption  from live fan engagement, player performance, talent identification, content delivery, consumer tracking/insights, and viewer experience  is set to be revolutionised and transformed by some ventures.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



6



A Short Brief



One of the biggest industries today is travel and tourism industry. In recent times, it had a global economic contribution of above $8 trillion. The direct economic impact of this industry, including entertainment, attractions, accommodation, and transportation, was approximately $2.3 trillion. Also, the travel industry is still the fastest rising sector internationally. The industry is massive. Over the longer term, growth of the travel and tourism sector will continue to be strong so long as investment and development takes place in an open and sustainable manner.

On the other hand, trading industries has grown significant also in recent times. Total trading revenues for the 5 largest U.S investment banks exceeded $21.3 billion in Q1 2017  roughly 15% higher than the figure for the previous as well as year-ago quarters. In fact, this was the best period for these banks in terms of total trading revenues since Q1 2014  something that can be attributed to the seasonally boosted trading levels for the first quarter of the year, coupled with increased volatility in interest rate trading as the Fed sticks to its plan of gradually normalizing interest rates.

We are confident to bring all the 3 pillars of our project into existence based on blockchain technology. Through MACHTCOIN Application, consumers will use multiple devices, and can have an intuitive and seamless experience across all applications. MACHTCOIN engineers intend to focus on a mobile-first and user-centric design strategy to drive consumer preference for their payment products or transaction while we open for big data mining to all user.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



7



3 Pillars of Our Project



Sport

In our eco-system application, we will provide sport books for many sports and betting games fantasy. Merchandise store will be available also

in MACHTCOIN application.

Trading

Trading platform will be available in our application using traditional trading method and

binary option method for you has interest in trading major cryptocurrency pair.



Travel & Tourism

We will provide and cooperate with any commercial travel company and any local travel services all over the world. Partnership and bounty programs will be held with data mining from all user and they will get reward for providing geo-tag travel destination and selfie photo. Our big data will processed to become database in our application for travelers to choose recommended travel destination.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



8



Grand Ideas



Idea 4  Eco-system Application

Create an eco-system application for users and community with ease of use and low cost fees for any transaction

Idea 5  Partnership

Create business partnership from C2C (consumer to consumer), B2C (business to consumer), and B2B

(business to business) in our eco-system apllication

Idea 6  Champion Smart Card/Debit Card

Champion Smart Card or Debit Card will be launched for you based on your MACHTCOIN deposit.



Idea 3  Build Champion Community

Build and grow MACHTCOIN community with our revolutionary business plan.

Idea 2  Hybrid POW/POS

Hybrid MACHTCOIN cryptocurrency to ensure stability, reduce inflation rate, and fairly distribution of MACHTCOIN.

Idea 1  MACHTCOIN Champion Infrastructure

Build MACHTCOIN infrastructure based on blockchain technology.

MACHTCOIN

Champion ideas



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



9



Genius Points



Cost effective

With our integrated eco-system application, a very low cost fees will be implemented in every transaction for sport books and bet

games fantasy, travel booking and services, and trading.



Fast & Secure

Anonimity, transparency, fast, and secure transaction is our priority for all users, MACHTCOIN holders and community

Multi devices

You can use and access MACHTCOIN application in any devices, anytime, and any place.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



10



MACHTCOIN Platform



MACHTCOIN Specification



Symbol

01

MCH

Algorhytm

02

Scrypt

Type

03

POW/POS



Total Supply

04

36,000,000 MCH

Pre-Mined (ICO)

05

8,000,000 MCH

POS

06

18% Annually reward



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



12



Integrated Eco-system Application



Virtual Debit Card

In the development phase 2, we will implement virtual debit card that can be used

for any transaction in any country.

Trading Tab

Consist of trading platform with conventional/traditional trading and binary

option method.

Sport Tab

Consist of sport books and betting games fantasy. In the future there will be sport news,

live stream and merchant store.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



Internal Exchanger

In the development phase 2, we will implement internal exchanger in our application for MACHTCOIN holders and user.

Travel & Tourism Tab

Consist of travel online booking, upload section for travel destination based on geotag and selfie (you will get reward), and travel services

Application Interface

Web based and application based with user login and 2FA (two factor authentication)

13



Multi Devices

You can access your MACHTCOIN account in any device, anytime and anywhere



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



14



MACHTCOIN ICO &

FUNDS DISTRIBUTION



Initial Coin Offering



Starting Date

ICO start on 15th January 2018 for 25 days



ICO Supply

There are 8,000,000 MCH pre-mine for ICO. Only 320,000 MCH sold per day to ensure fair distribution of MCH



Starting Price

ICO start at price $0.88



Price Rate

Price rate will rise about $0.10 per 3 days. Please be early to start buying MCH in ICO period



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



16



Funds Distribution



BOUNTIES

Funds allocation for external resources to make MACHTCOIN

known in the global society.



Bounties 5%



MARKETING & PR

Funds allocation for MACHTCOIN brand awareness

and marketing campaign by using ATL (Above The Line) & BTL (Below The Line) marketing

method.

SERVER EXPENSES

Funds allocation for server resources and expansion that we use for blockchain, mining

pool and cloud database.



Marketing & PR 20%

Server 10%



Development 65%



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



DEVELOPMENT

We will distribute most of our crowdfunding in development phase for enhancing MACHTCOIN eco-system application and all other project that we will published in Roadmap Phase 2. Our next project in phase 2 will be focusing on live stream, merchant and online ticketing.

17



Revolutionary Business Plan



Staking Plan



Deposit Bitcoin

01

 Deposit Bitcoin on given Bitcoin address



Buy MCH

02

 Buy MACHTCOIN from MCH exchanger on your account



Transfer Your MCH

03

 Transfer your MCH to your desktop or mobile wallet



Stake MCH Interest

04

 Start earning staking interest for 18% annually reward



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



19



Lending Program



Basic Plan

$100 - $1,000



Standard Plan

$1,100 - $5,000



Premium Plan



Business Plan



$5,100 - $10,000 $10,100 - $25,000



Interest Up to 45% per month (Accrued Daily)

No extra monthly interest

Get 5% sponsor bonus

Capital Release: 120 Days



Interest Up to 45% per month (Accrued Daily)

+ 3,6% monthly interest

Get 5% sponsor bonus

Capital Release: 110 Days



Interest Up to 45% per month (Accrued Daily)

+ 4,2% monthly interest

Get 5% sponsor bonus

Capital Release: 100 Days



Interest Up to 45% per month (Accrued Daily)

+ 5,4% monthly interest

Get 5% sponsor bonus

Capital Release: 90 Days



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



20



MCH Manager Rules



You have to be an active participant (P) with Standard Plan package or $1,100 package minimum to be in a Manager (M) rank.

You have the right to get level bonus from your direct sponsor asset tree as long as they have not reach Manager (M) Rank or above. Your level bonus will perished when your direct sponsor have reach Manager (M) rank or same rank or above.

You will reach Manager (M) rank and above when you have at least 3 (three) participant (P) or 4 (four) Manager (M) rank below in your network tree (look at the table below).



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



21



MCH Manager Bonus



TERMS



M



3 (P)



M1



4 (M)



M2



5 (M1)



M3



5 (M2)



M4



5 (M3)



M5



5 (M4)



SPONSOR BONUS

5% 5% 5% 5% 5% 5%



LEVEL BONUS

5% 3% 1% 0,5% 0,3% 0,1%



MCH Manager bonus is our revolutionary business plan to boost your adrenaline rush, sense of competition and become a champion in MACHTCOIN community.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



22



Roadmap and Risks



Roadmap



October 2017

 Concept of MACHTCOIN infrastructure  MACHTCOIN specification & development

phase  System test and trial

December 2017

 Open registration for MACHTCOIN enthusiast in our official website.



2017 November

 Beta version of MACHTCOIN was tested on secure network

 MACHTCOIN prototype application development

24



February 2018

 Starting Staking plan, lending program and manager bonus

 Block explorer going online  Listing on coin marketplace

 External Exchange ready

April 2018

 Development phase of MACHTCOIN ecosystem application for IOS and ANDROID



2018 January

 MACHTCOIN ICO Period start on 15th January 2018 for 25 days

2018 March

 Development phase of MACHTCOIN ecosystem web based application

 MACHTCOIN Desktop and Mobile wallet will be available

25



June 2018

Development phase 2 for enhancing eco-system application



2018 May

 MACHTCOIN Internal Exchange will be ready to use

 MACHTCOIN application will be available at PlayStore and Appstore and ready to use

 MACHTCOIN mining is ready



We're Not Finished Yet



We will continue our next big project based on blockchain technology and 3 pillars of our project. We will compete with other cryptocurrency

an we will never stop doing innovation.



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



26



Risks!

Crypto currency such as Bitcoin is not legal tender, and is not backed by the government. Legislative and regulatory changes or actions at the state, federal, or international level may adversely affect the use, transfer, exchange and value of Bitcoin. Transaction in virtual currency such as Bitcoin are irreversible, and accidental transaction may not be recoverable. The volatility and unpredictability of the price of Non-Fiat currency relative to the fiat currency may result in significant loss over of a short periods of time. Any technological difficulties or glitch experience by the MACHTCOIN may prevent the access of use of members virtual currency temporarly or permanently depending on the severity of damage



MACHTCOIN | ADRENALINE INSPIRED



27



Thank you!



