Innovative Banking Platform Based on Blockchains



MONCRYPT



What is MONCRYPT?

MONCRYPT is a decentralized managing platform for your assets. It works on the basis of blockchain technology and smart-contracts.

In traditional sense it is banking with additional services which works with cryptocurrencies.

Our sidechain enhances bitcoin blockchain capabilities. It allows to conduct fully confidential transactions super fast.

Whole system is secure and guarded with biometric ID. One-time sign up gives you complete anonymity inside our system. You should be able to use our discount rates for flights and hotels, exchange all available currencies to crypto and back at official exchange rate, play games and make bets, sell something to earn bitcoins and much more!



What Makes Us Better?

We're obsessed with security. Our servers with cold storage are located inside the Alps, not connected to web and keys are stored in Swiss bank deposit box.

We store all transactions information on our Cloud Storage on satellite. So you are sure all info about your crypto assets should be secure in any case.

The most important information and keys are transferred using quantum cryptography. This means nobody should intercept and use your private keys.

We use 3 biometric identifications (fingerprint, voice and face) and this info is classified. Only our robotic system can recognize you.



How Do You Benefit?

You invest in financial revolution! We'll do everyday transactions much clear and safe for you. This project is unique and should become really popular. Our platform should earn on commissions, advertisement, token price growth. We don't depend on cryptocurrency rates - we earn in any case. Our project start time is approximately 6 months. MONCRYPT token price should grow and you're able to sell and earn anytime you want. Each investor should receive personal payment card to use cryptocurrency in every place on our planet!



MONCRYPT Tokens

30,000,001 tokens should be issued for Pre-ICO and ICO on Ethereum blockchain. 15,500,000 should be sold and 1,500,000 are booked for bounty.

MONCRYPT token (MON) means you'll have project stake and receive share of profits. Smart-contract should distribute dividends among shareholders automatically in the end of each period. Also, another smart-contract DAO should give an opportunity to each shareholder to propose and vote for platform-changing decisions.

MONCRYPT token should be listed on main exchanges and token holders should earn on price change. Token function is payment for platform usage.

All unsold tokens should remain for platform usage.



What To Do Next?

Our Pre-ICO is in progress now. Our ICO starts on September 20th, 2017. You are welcome to buy MONCRYPT tokens till October 20th, 2017. 15,500,000 MONCRYPT tokens should be sold for $1 per each.

Our bounty program is: 1st hour +50%, 1st day +20%, 1st week +7%. Reserve your seat today!

FINANCIAL REVOLUTION IS ON US. BEING A PART OF IT IS ON YOU.

Contact us: Phone: +44 131 608 0507 E-mail: future@moncrypt.com Telegram: https://t.me/moncrypt Website: https://moncrypt.com



Our Valued Partners



