DECENTRALIZED LATIN AMERICAN SEED CAPITAL FUND WHITEPAPER

Final Version: November 10th 2017



IMPORTANT NOTICE

YOU ARE ONLY ALLOWED TO PURCHASE MANGO TOKENS IF AND ONLY IF BY BUYING MANGO TOKENS YOU COVENANT, REPRESENT, AND WARRANT THAT YOU ARE NEITHER A U.S. CITIZEN OR PERMANENT RESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, SINGAPORE AND THE PEOPLE'S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. SHOULD THIS CHANGE AT ANY TIME, YOU SHALL IMMEDIATELY NOTIFY MANGO STARTUPS LTD. THE COMPANY SHALL RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE SELLING MANGO TOKENS TO ANYONE WHO DOES NOT MEET THE CRITERIA NECESSARY FOR THEIR BUYING, AS SET OUT HEREUNDER AND BY THE APPLICABLE LAW. IN PARTICULAR, THE COMPANY MAY REFUSE SELLING MANGO TOKENS TO THOSE USERS WHO DO NOT MEET THE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA ESTABLISHED BY THE COMPANY IN ITS SOLE DISCRETION.

If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, you should consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s).

This document is not an offer of securities or a collective investment scheme. Contributors are advised to read this document carefully in full, and perform due diligence.

This Whitepaper has been developed in collaboration with our Currency and Financial Advisors and has been reviewed by our Legal advisors.

Ownership of Tokens carries no rights, express or implied, other than the right to use Tokens as a means to enable usage of and interaction with the Network. Tokens do not confer any ownership stake, debenture or security, or any right to receive future revenue shares, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation in or relating to the Network and/or the Company.

All decisions involving the Network or Company will be made by the Company at its sole discretion. Hence the Company is not obliged by any means to buyback, repurchase Tokens, or distribute profits from the Network, provide a maturity date, nor guarantee any returns for the buyers during or after the token sale.

The Tokens are not intended to be a digital currency, security, commodity or any other kind of financial instrument. Tokens are not intended to be marketed, offered for sale, purchased, sold, or traded in any jurisdiction where they are prohibited by applicable laws or require further registration with any applicable governmental authorities.



1. Abstract Mango Startups is an SPV with the sole purpose of investing in top Latin American startups. Mango Startups has an option to buy up to 35% of the "InvertUP Fund 16/17" at portfolio valuation. The InvertUP Fund aggregates the best startups from our Latin American Accelerators Network. ParqueTec Accelerator is a key player in this network that generates a continuous pipeline of successful Startups. Our core mission at Mango Startups, is to democratize venture investments and become a bridge between crypto and fiat economies. We help venture funds, accelerators and startups to raise capital using crypto assets in order to grow and scale their products.

Mango Startups will launch its ICO (Initial Coin Offering) on March 21st, 2018.



2. Introduction

With the advance of blockchain technology, more and more people are migrating from the fiat-based financial system towards a blockchain-based financial system. Since January 2017, the cryptocurrency market cap has increased from 15B USD to 165B USD in October, an increase of over a 1,000%. However, existing cryptocurrency infrastructure as a driver for decentralized venture capital, is still in its infancy.

Venture capital and the startup community are two of the biggest adopters and fervent supporters of this blockchain based technology revolution. Historically, venture capital has not been accessible to people outside VC community due to significant amount of capital required to enter VC deals, long term commitment and low liquidity of investments.

ICOs are democratizing this industry, by providing an opportunity to smaller investors to participate in early stage venture deals, with minimal entry capital requirements due to the high liquidity that describes crypto assets. At the same time, ICOs act as an additional fundraising vehicle for early stage startups to raise capital from a larger pool of investors, attract early followers and create communities that fund and support the project.

We are excited to introduce the opportunity for eligible parties to participate in the growth of Latin America's startups ecosystem. The tokens will be distributed through an open source cloud storage protocol of blockchain, that allows users to transfer and share data in a decentralized manner.

In short, when you invest in Mango Startups you are investing in a carefully selected pipeline of talented startups that graduated from multiple Latin American Accelerators. We have created a diversified portfolio composed by companies with proven business models and high growth potential. With your help we aim to drive capital to a traditionally less accessible economies, with vast growth potential, giving rise to a wealth of virtuous network effects for both our investors and the region at large.

3. ParqueTec Accelerator

Parque Tec Accelerator Program is based in San Jose, Costa Rica, and its mission is to empower Latin American, cutting edge technology companies through exposing them to international markets and scaling them up.

The program has graduated more than 100 startups and generated millions of USD in valuations. Their methodology has been used as the foundation for the creation of several Latin American entrepreneurship ecosystems such as the Latam Accelerator Network (RETEI) which includes +17 accelerators across the continent and more than 1,000 startups and projects.

Furthermore, through its Institutional Consulting Unit, ParqueTec has generated some of the most important entrepreneurial regional studies, i.e GEM (Global Entrepreneurship Monitor), Central America Entrepreneurship Analysis (Sponsored by the KFW Group, Germany Development Bank).



5. InvertUP 16/17 Fund InvertUP is a seed capital fund that supports successful graduate start-ups from Parque Tec and the Latam accelerator network. The InvertUP fund is enlisted in the National Stock Exchange of Costa Rica, ensuring compliance with corporate governance regulations and international best practices, as well as imbuing it with accounting transparency, through the Alternative Stock Exchange Market Program (MAPA). The `InvertUP Seed Capital Fund 16/17' has a $2.8M valuation, and is currently invested in a diversified portfolio of 8 post-product stage tech companies. The Fund owns on average 18% equity in each company. All 8 companies in this batch have a proven business model, have traction in their home country and are break-even companies (that means positive cash flow). Some had already raised series A and B rounds of investment at higher valuations. The F has a proven track record of success cases. Previous investments have yielded returns of 4x and up to 12x:

INVERTUP SUCCESS CASES (April 2017)

6. Why an Initial Token Sale? Even though all of our Startups have a positive cash flow, the leap forward through Mango Startups is anticipated to be more than just a straight-line progression. Taking these companies to the next level of 10x growth, while investing in new entrepreneurial projects, will require additional funds. Offering an Initial Token Sale instead of a traditional venture capital round, enables the community to participate in InvertUP's success story, rather than limiting it to a selected number of traditional investors and at the same time give the opportunity to start-ups accelerate their growth through the support that they receive from the community. We believe that Mango Tokens will not only grow in value over time, but will later be accepted in multiple exchange platforms, bringing liquidity and utility to token holders.



7. Why Latin America?

RENOWN UNICORNS Latin America is bursting at the seams with talented, resilient entrepreneurs and now hosts 5 of the world's unicorns, companies that boast a US$ 1 billion valuation. Mercado Libre (IPO), B2W, TOTVS, Despegar.com, GLOBANT, OLX. These companies have paved the way for other startups to envision themselves becoming global players and the next Latin American unicorn.

FAVORABLE BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT According to the 2017 A.T. Kearney Global Index, five Latin American countries rank in the top 20 for financial attractiveness, people skills, and business environment: Brazil (5), Chile (9), Colombia (10), Mexico (13) and Costa Rica (19).

VENTURE CAPITAL FUNDS Smart capital in the form of well-established VC funds has already started flowing in the region. More than $150M in VC have flooded the region in the last year from investors like Anderssen Horowitz (Rappi), Founders Fund (Nubank), Goldman Sachs (CargoX), Sequoia Capital, QED.

STEADY GROWTH Annual data from the Latin America Venture Capital Association (LAVCA), demonstrate that Latam VC investments have been steadily climbing over the past five years. Over $500 million deployed, reaching a record-high 197 deals in 2016.



INTERNET & MOBILE PENETRATION The total number of Internet users in Latin America is higher than that of the United States, and the Internet user base and broadband growth is higher in Latin America: close to 10X the U.S. rates. This means the potential for starting an internet company in Latin America very big. Due to an increasing amount of government and institutional support across the region, we expect the number of successful startups to rise.

8. Why Invest in Mango Startups?

SCALABLE INTERNATIONAL STARTUPS Mango Startups has its headquarters in Costa Rica, San Francisco and London. This allows us to support and expand the startup portfolio and their products globally.

CLEAR EXIT STRATEGY According to CB, the average time for VCs and Angels to exit via M&A is five years. Mango Tokens offer a clear exit strategy through a bonus distribution or a buyback mechanism. Moreover, through multiple cryptocurrency exchanges Mango Tokens can provide liquidity in the short term.

REAL REVENUE All startups in the portfolio have been through a rigorous incubation and acceleration process. These startups belong to the 16/17 graduate batch from our accelerators network. All companies in the portfolio have proven their business models, and are currently generating revenue with monthly positive cash flows.

TRANSPARENCY AND COMPLIANCE InvertUP is the 1st seed capital fund enlisted at a national stock exchange in LATAM, providing transparency and compliance with corporate governance international best practices.

MINIMIZE RISK EXPOSURE Investing in startups is inherently risky. Through the InvertUP fund you are minimizing your risk by investing in a diversified Portfolio which includes companies in the following industries:

 Blockchain technology  Smart Contracts  VR/AR Advergames  Solar energy  Biomedical Equipment  Fantasy sports Industry  Banking Services  Video Content  Services Marketplace

ACCESSIBILITY TO MULTIPLE INVESTORS We expect many groups of investors to be interested in the ICO, traders (because of high volatility), venture investors (even with small funds), crypto asset holders (to diversify the assets with fiat investments), regular investors (because of liquidity) and fiat investors



9. Mango Startups ICO Mango Startups is an SPV that has an option to purchase up to a thirty five percent (35%) membership interest in the `InvertUP Fund 16/17' portfolio. Mango Tokens will be generated and sold to all those who wants to invest in the portfolio. This will be done in a secondary exchange, where the tokens will become available to all potential purchasers. Later on the tokens will be introduced to other online exchanges. Any funds outstanding, will be invested in future InvertUP portfolio companies or from the RETEI Accelerator Network in Latam.

ICO MODEL

ACCEPTED CRYPTOCURRENCIES

Mango Startups has built a bonus distribution and token buyback mechanism that creates a transparent profit distribution model at portfolio liquidity events. This creates an opportunity for investors to potentially increase the value of their tokens through token market price volatility.



10. Mango Startups Pre-ICO

In order to fund initial hires, legal incorporation, and other necessary expenditures, Mango Startups will conduct a limited Pre-ICO on the 1st of March, 2018, until the 20th of March, 2018. Investors in the pre-ICO will enjoy a 33% bonus over the ICO rate. For example, a purchase of 10,000 Mango Tokens during the pre-ICO, will give the investor 12,500 Mango Tokens



Maximum for sale Pre-ICO Pre-ICO Token Price Pre-ICO sale period Pre-ICO Minimum Buy-in Pre-ICO Bonus



10,000,000 Mango Tokens $0.10 (USD) March 1st, 2018 to March 20th, 2018 10,000 Mango Tokens 33% over main ICO rate



11. Main ICO Structure

Mango Startups is raising up to $3,000,000 to invest in the InvertUP Fund portfolio Startups. Up to $1,000,000 will be utilized to buy up to 35% of "InvertUP 16/17 Fund" at portfolio valuation price. Funds above $1M will get invested with similar investment focus in future startups from InvertUP and other Accelerators from our RETEI Accelerator Network in Latam (Red Iberoamericana de Aceleradoras Tecnologicas ). If the amount raised is below $1M, the acquired shares of InvertUP portfolio will get reduced proportionally.



What Represents Token Price Token amount Maximum supply (hard cap) For sale this ICO Emission rate Accepted currencies Minimum transaction amount ICO sale period



Proof-of-Membership $0.10 (USD) Equal to collected amount in USD 40,000,000 Mango Tokens 30,000,000 Mango Tokens No new tokens will ever be created BTC - ETH - LTC - NEO 150 Mango Tokens March 21st, 2018 to April 21st, 2018



12. Token Buyback and Bonus Distribution

75% of all coins are available for purchase during the ICO. A maximum of 5% of the total supply of coins will be dedicated to promoting the product via multiple forms of digital marketing and development. Some tokens will be offered for marketing, legal and advertisement bounties.

After the ICO we will be launching a buyback program. We developed a simple model of future profit distribution to token holders using a token buyback mechanism. In case of any net profit generated by "InvertUP S.A.", as a limited partner, Mango Startups will receive a profit share which will be utilized to buyback the tokens.

Moreover, if a startup in the fund generates outstanding profits and decides to distribute them, then Mango Startups will have the possibility to distribute this "bonus" to all token holders through a prorated coin airdrop.



Token Buyback and Bonus

Expenses Management Fees



Mango Startups undertakes to utilize all the net profit to distribute among all token holders in a bonus or buyback

7% of tokens will be reserved for the ICO admin costs

2.5% of net profit



13. ICO Terms

 Mango Startups issues Mango tokens, which will be distributed only during the ICO;  Mango Startups commits to invest assets received during the ICO into InvertUP portfolio;  Mango Tokens will be traded in a crypto assets stock market;  Mango Startups undertakes to utilize all the net profit to buyback the tokens at a market

price;  Mango Startups undertakes to utilize all the assets remained after a portfolio liquidity

event (exits or partial cashouts ) to buyback tokens;  The tokens buyback or bonus distribution should take place during a fixed period after

the net profit gained, and should not be more than one month;  Tokens with a minimum market price will be distributed first.

For more information on the Terms & Conditions please visit www.MangoStartups.com/terms



14. Our Team



Marcelo Lebendiker, President InvertUP Seed Capital Fund Founder / CEO ParqueTec Accelerator Serial Entrepreneur and Angel investor in +60 companies across a diversified portfolio that has generated 10x return on investment within a year. General Coordinator at G.E.M Costa Rica(Global Entrepreneurship Monitor), Co Founder and Board Member of El Financiero (financial newspaper,) General Director of RETEI (Latin American Accelerator Network +17 Accelerators across the continent and +1000 startups).), Co Founder of The Costa Rica Angel Network Link Inversiones.,Co Founder of Aldesa Fintech seed corporate Accelerator , Co founder of GN Plus First corporate media Seed Accelerator

Gabriel Chernacov, Vice President InvertUP Seed Capital Fund Founder Partner Wow Emotions USA AR/VR Advergame Company Previously CEO Bell South Peru, General Manager of TeleCable, Director for EPSON Latin America Computer operations. CEO of Epson Venezuela, CEO Epson Mexico, Founder and CEO of Epson Costa Rica. Cryptocurrency expert



Juan Carlos Torrealba CFO InvertUP Seed Capital Fund Mentor and Partner at ParqueTec Accelerator Founder/ General Manager @ Crediticia Consortium and Crediticia Valores, Founder Member of the National Stock Exchange Costa Rica, Founder of Max Vending Machines SA.



Ami Lebendiker, Founding Partner Mango Startups Program Manager Hardware at Google For the last 5 years he has been working at Google San Francisco as a Hardware Program Manager. He also participates as a Mentor at Launchpad Accelerator - Google for Developers and as a mentor for startups at Google for Entrepreneurs. He has extensive experience working with blockchain technology startups. London School of Economics Msc Graduate



Fernando Arriola, Financial Director Mango Startups Fernando has several years of global investment banking at Wall Street. Has been in the financial industry for over 8 years. He has worked in several IPOs for the New York Stock Exchange as well as in Latin American Countries. He also served at the Board of multiple large financial institutions in Latin America.

Ana lvarez, HR Director InvertUP. Seed Capital Fund Coach and Mentor at Parque Tec Accelerator Recruiting and Hiring senior Consultant, Board Member of multiple companies , Neuro Linguistic and Neuro marketing certified Specialist, Sandler Certified Specialist, Innovation Mindset certified

Alejandro Chernacov, San Francisco HQ Manager at Mango Startups. Co-Founder Virtual Earth Manager of our San Francisco Headquarters. Alejandro has several years of experience in launching social media, marketing and SEO campaigns for big brands. Previously worked as a Product Manager at ONE Planer, he is also a Certified Life Coach (IPEC) and a Registered Yoga Teacher (RYT 200)

Elias Simos, London HQ Manager at Mango Startups. Freelance Business & Education Consultant Manager of our London Headquarters. Elias is a freelance business consultant that has a wealth of experience working on projects with artificial intelligence, media and e-commerce companies. He is a graduate of the London School of Economics (MSc) and a researcher in finance, management, blockchain & cryptocurrencies.



Helena Franczak, Community Manager at Sydney HQ Mango Startups. Several years of experience in marketing and social media management. Java and Android Studio developer. +4yrs as a program manager at Credit Suisse and HP.

Joseph Berganza, Software Engineering Director at Mango Startups Blockchain developer. He specializes in building large-scale web applications with demanding throughput and availability. Joseph is also an early adopter of cryptocurrencies, having five years of cryptocurrency trading experience and deep understanding of the blockchain technology.



15. Portfolio



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



WOW Emotions

VR/AR Advergames / Virtual Trainings

B2B

WOW Emotions is an on demand AR and VR Advergame Platform. Creating unique experiences and games in a scalable way. We make it simple for everyone to create beautiful and unique games with no coding skills needed to get your brand going

Wowemotions.com

ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 2 (Fall 2015)

Johnny Aguirre, CEO linkedin.com/in/johnny-aguirre-salazar-988689a

18%

$1.8M

Series A

NO



Company Industry

Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Kiboo Aditi Multimedia Banking and Financial transactions in the Retail POS , Trade Marketing B2B Aggregating +1 thousand points of sale, the Kiboo network of kiosks offers multiple bank services to thousands of customers across the region. Kiboo.cr ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 2 (Fall 2015) Mauricio Robles, CEO linkedin.com/in/mauriciorobles

10% $6M Series B GNPLUS



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Sibo Solar Energy Renewal energy , PV projects B2B Sibo Solar Energy is a full-service solar provider. They make clean energy available to homeowners, businesses and schools at a low cost.

SiboEnergy.com ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 2 (Fall 2015) Edgar Ugalde, CEO linkedin.com/in/edgar-ugalde-26849527

18% $1M Series A NO



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Virtual Technology Paperless, Digital Signature, blockchain B2C Virtual Technology offers solutions for smart contracts, electronic signatures, eForms and Blockchain Technology.

TecnologiaVirtual.com ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 4 summer 2016) Richard Mesen, CEO linkedin.com/in/richardmesen

18% $1M Seed NO



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Tico Fut Fantasy Sport Gaming Industry B2C Tico Fut one of the first Fantasy football platform created for Latin America. Play, earn points, rewards and more

TicoFut.com ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 3 (Fall 2016) Nick Hayward, CEO linkedin.com/in/nick-hayward-2072634a

18% $1.0M Seed NO



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Quantik Media Digital Content B2C Quantik is a Digital content platform. The next Netflix for Latin America. Revolutionizing the way we watch TV

Quantik.tv ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 3 (Fall 2016) Allan Matarrita, CEO linkedin.com/in/allan-matarrita-5b918534

10% $0.75M Series A GN PLUS



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Llamame al Mae Service market Place B2C Llamame al Mae is a Services Marketplace. From house fixing to personal training, we bring you the right pros for every project on your list.

LlamamealMae.com ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 4(summer 2016) Jose Pablo Sanchez, CEO

18% $0.5M Seed NO



Company Industry Model Short description

Website ParqueTec Accelerator Founders

InvertUP Share Latest valuation Investment Rounds Participant in another acceleration programs



Avant BioMedical Customized 3d Printed Prosthetics B2B Avant BioMedical is a medical technology company that's revolutionizing the Prosthetic industry. Through 3D printing technology, we provide solutions and expertise to print customized devices and save significant time and money. AvantBiomedical.com ParqueTec Accelerator Batch 2 (Fall 2016) David Melendez, CEO linkedin.com/in/david-melendez-17800044

18% $1M Seed NO



