1 OUR PROJECT 2 OUR INVESTMENT NEED 3 OUR AIMS 4 TIMELINE / ROADMAP 5 CAR HIRE 6 SETTING UP

OUR STATIONS



7 OUR VEHICLES 8 SMARTPHONE APPLICATION 9 SECURITY / VERIFICATION 10 ICO CONDITIONS 11 BOUNTY CAMPAIGN



OUR PROJECT



OUR PROJECT

MiCars has developed a luxury vehicle hiring platform without the constraints of a hiring agency. Hire Full Options vehicles 24/7 with MiCars using our intuitive application. With MiCars, your car hire becomes fast and easy. Forget about wasting time at hiring agencies and get driving your vehicle. Your car hiring experience has never been so easy.

The steps to take in order to get your hands on your vehicle:

l Create your MiCars account by providing the documents mentioned in the paragraph "SECURITY".

l P ut Tokens (ETH ERC-20 blockchain cryptocurrency) in your MiCars virtual wallet available for this purpose through the application. The bank card payment option is usually offered.

l Choose and book your vehicle at any time by adding the insurance options of your choice. We suggest insurance based on the kilometres travelled.

l 1 hour before your hire start time, you'll receive a virtual key via your smartphone (through NFC technology) which will allow you to unlock your vehicle at any time.

l O pen your vehicle and, inside, you'll find the key to begin driving. l Immediately take your vehicle to the MiCars departure station and conduct the

inspection, taking photos with your smartphone as necessary.

In the future, we are going to offer an extensive vehicle range and then implement long-term HP hires and the purchase of our vehicles using Tokens. We are also going to set up business in other cities in the United States and Russia.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



1



OUR INVESTMENT NEED



OUR INVESTMENT NEED

We have already been able to raise 1.5 million euros to develop our project given the innovation. At present, we have an additional funding need of 4.5 million euros to complete our project. Our ambition at first is to equip each MiCars station with 10 vehicles which will be available for hire by our customers. We will eventually be present in 10 cities throughout the world and plan to hire 30 employees for customer services and our IT and physical development. In order to be closer to our customers, we have decided to implement an original and participatory funding method using cryptocurrency technology to create our own Tokens. We believe in our project and would like to share our growth with customers and investors who have confidence in the original power of our idea. MiCars MiCars has, thus, issued 22.5 million Tokens at 0.20 euros each and is asking you to purchase them through an ICO (Initial Coins Offering). MiCars Tokens may be purchased at our website.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



3



OUR AIMS



OUR AIMS Our aims for the next 2 years:

l T o set up business in the following countries:

France Germany England Canada Belgium Switzerland Russia the United States

l T o offer an extensive vehicle range from town cars to sedans. l T o offer Long-Term Hires (HP) payable yearly via our Tokens.

We would like to become the luxury vehicle remote hire leader.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



5



TIMELINE/ROADMAP



TIMELINE / ROADMAP Our objectives for the next 2 years: l O CTOBER 2017

Agreement in several cities to set up MiCars stations

l D ECEMBER 2017

The opening of the Pre-ICO

l J ANUARY 2018

The opening of the ICO

l J ANUARY 2018

The development of the application

l M ARCH 2018

Delivery of Vehicles to MiCars stations in France/Germany/England/Canada/Belgium/Switzerland

l S EPTEMBER 2018

Long-term hire proposal

l F EBRUARY 2019

Set up in Russia

l M AY 2019

Set up in the United States



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



7



HIRE PROCESS



HIRE PROCESS

With MiCars, booking has never been so fast and easy.

This is how our idea works in detail:

1 - You register at our website or through our application. 2 - You go through the online registration steps. 3 - You choose your vehicle, the departure date and time and the return

date and time.

4 - Choose your insurance plan with the kilometre-based options. 5 - Pay completely securely with Tokens or via a bank card. 6 - 1 hour before starting your hire, you are sent a notification to tell you your

vehicle is available; this notification will unlock your vehicle.

7 - Go to the booking point and open your vehicle with your smartphone. 8 - Enjoy a full-options luxury vehicle.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



9



SET UP



SET UP

For now, we have secured deals in several cities to set up our MiCars stations and with the cities chosen, we hope to be as close to you as possible:

France: Paris, Marseille, Lyon Belgium: Brussels Germany: Berlin, Munich Switzerland: Geneva USA: Boston, Chicago

Canada: Montreal

In 2019, we expect to be even closer to you by setting up business in Russia and other states in the USA. The gradual spread of the MiCars network will make it possible to return your vehicle to a station other than the one where you received it. The more we develop, the more our customers will benefit from flexible hire choices.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



11



OUR VEHICLES



OUR VEHICLES

We would like to make your hire experience with MiCars unique and luxurious. Thus, we wish to offer our customers an extensive choice of vehicles in the town car and sedan categories. This is the reason why all of our vehicles are high-end with full options and automatic gears, equipped with NFC technology for the utmost comfort.



l Mercedes Class A : a compact premium town car, this vehicle with a dynamic chassis is equipped with completely leather seats and next generation onboard GPS. It also features an automatic 7-speed transmission for easier driving. The car has room for up to five passengers.

l M ercedes GLA : an all-new compact, luxury urban SUV by Mercedes-Benz. Its strengths include an expressive design, refined interior and comfort and safety features that reflect the high Mercedes-Benz level of demand. The GLA can be easily used for all your family trips.

l AUDI A3 : the all-new A3 is even more sophisticated, more dynamic and offers even more technology. The sharper lines and new look reinforce its sports allure even more, giving this town car character.

l AUDI Q5 : It offers the sportiness of a sedan and the versatility of an SUV. With sharper lines and next generation cutting-edge innovations, the Audi Q5 is a real invitation to travel.

l BMW SERIES 3 : the BMW Series 3 sedan is fascinating each time it's driven. It embodies the idea of a sporty sedan better than any other. The BMW Efficient Dynamics technology means this car is performing and exciting with moderate consumption.

l BMW X6 : for those who love movement. The design reflects a whole lot of character. It's a combination that gives this 4x4 coup the look of a unique sedan in this category.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



13



SMARTPHONE APPLICATION



SMARTPHONE APPLICATION

Because your time is gold and you don't want to wait a long time to get your hire car, we wanted to simplify life and give you the opportunity to finally find your high-end vehicle at any time. So, we developed the MiCars application, which allows you to book your hire 24/7 using your smartphone. Easy-to-use, you can complete your registration and choose your vehicle and your insurance cover. With the latest technology in this field, you'll be able to unlock your vehicle with your phone: No more long queues at a hire agency. And returning your vehicle will also be as quick and efficient as you can complete the inspection using our application, taking photos as necessary. Our customer service is available at any time through the application if you have the least bit of difficulty or a question. Payment for your hired car is also made via the application with a bank card through a completely secure system. If you prefer to use Tokens to pay for your deposit and your hire, you will also be able to purchase them through our application. Our aim is for you to be able to truly save time.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



15



SECURITY/ VERIFICATION



SECURITY / VERIFICATION

Creating your MiCars customer account is quite easy and our verifications are simple. We ask you to provide a photo, a scanned copy of your driving licence and your identity card or passport. Our team will then verify the authenticity and coherence of the documents supplied. A deposit is also requested with each hire and the amount differs depending on the vehicle model hired. You may make this deposit with:

l T okens: you need to put enough Tokens into your MiCars account to pay the amount of the deposit and your hire fee.

l B ank Card: you need to have the amount corresponding to the deposit in your bank account as it will actually be debited and then reimbursed a maximum of 48 hours after your hire ends.

SUM OF THE DEPOSIT PER VEHICLE: l T own car MERCEDES CLASS A/ AUDI A3/ BMW SERIES 3: 600 l Sedan (ou 4X4) MERCEDES GLA/ AUDI Q5/ BMWX6: 800



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



17



ICO CONDITIONS



ICO CONDITIONS

We would like to get our future customers to join our project and to get it on the right track, we have decided to allow each one to invest in the purchase of Tokens which can later be used to hire one of our vehicles, sign up for an HP or eventually, buy one of our vehicles. We are, therefore, going to open a short mass Tokens purchase period called an ICO (Initial Coins Offering). The ICO will last a total of one month and a half with two phases: a pre-ICO and then the actual ICO. The total number of Tokens reserved for the ICO is 22.5 million with a value of 0.20 each. They will be distributed in the following way: 4.590.000 MCR for the PRE-ICO phase; in other words, 20% of the total 15.000.000 MCR for the actual ICO phase; in other words, 67% of the total 2.910.000 MCR reserved for the BOUNTY campaign; in other words, 13% of the total

With this system, we hope to raise 4.5 million additional euros to complete our project, which will therefore also be yours.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



19



BOUNTY CAMPAIGN



CAMPAGNE BOUNTY

We are also seeking 300 members who will be paid to promote the MiCars project themselves. 2,900,000 Tokens Tokens are reserved for the BOUNTY campaign.

It is distributed in the following way: A vatar and 1.305.000 MCR signatures (in other words, 45% of the BOUNTY

campaign) We are seeking active members with a good reputation. Members with negative evaluations will not be accepted. To participate, you must enter your information on our site and indicate your signature code in your profile. You must commit to putting out at least 10 quality posts per week. The posts will be counted as of Monday at 11.59 p.m.  Spamming 20 posts per day is prohibited: you will be banned from the BOUNTY campaign.

Your compensation for your contributions will depend on your member status level:

l M ember : 150MCR / week l F ull Member : 200MCR / week l S enior Member : 250 MCR / week l Hero Member : 300 MCR / week l L egendary Member : 350 MCR / week



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



21



T ranslation : 580.000 MCR (in other words, 20% of the BOUNTY campaign)

We are seeking members interested in translating our posts in social media and get the community talking on these different forums. The languages sought are German, Chinese, Russian and Spanish. To participate, you must register your information on our site, be bilingual in the chosen language and an active member on the different forums in said languages. The compensation will be: l M ember : 25 MCR / week l F ull Member : 50 MCR / week l Senior Member : 75 MCR / week l H ero Member : 100 MCR / week l Legendary Member : 150MCR / week

T elegram : 290.000 MCR (in other words, 10% of the BOUNTY campaign)

We are seeking active members on Telegram to join us and get our channel moving. The compensation will be 25 MCR / week.



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



22



F acebook et Twitter : 725 000 MCR (in other words, 25% of the BOUNTY

campaign)

We are looking for members to tweet our ICO, retweet our posts, post out ICO and like/share on Facebook.

To participate, you must register on the site and have at least 200 REAL followers without multiple accounts, which are not authorised. Your privacy settings must be adjusted to "Public".

You must then post at least 3 tweets per week with the hashtag #Micars and 8 retweets per week.

In order to be able to verify your activity and compensate you, you must send us the links to your tweets/posts via PM with the subject line: "Tweet week 1 #pseudo

The compensation will be: l M ember with at least 200 followers: 100 MCR / week l M ember with at least 900 followers: 200 MCR / week l M ember with at least 3000 followers: 450 MCR / week



Copyright 2017 - MiCars



23



