SITUATION AND VISION

Crypto coins and tokens increase drastically by numbers. Abundance of choices make it harder and harder for stakeholders to handle. Especially, in e-commerce. Customers (payers) own variety of crypto currencies that they wish to spend. However, merchants are not able accept payments in everything. There are two reasons for this: Technically unavailable methods or interest for particular coins only.

Meanwhile, tokens are becoming more popular for its safety, low cost, speedy transactions as well as the wellestablished blockchain platforms. However, ever increasing variety of tokens makes it complicated to move them around, exchange and store. Not all existing exchanges offer all tokens and coins in one place.

Mokenex will become a single convenient platform for payment in almost all crypto money. Plus, a tool for free swapping of tokens.

We believe that smart contract tokens have larger potential use. Therefore, we conceptualized and created the Mokens. They will be used to run Mokenex as well as be universal payment crypto money.

HOW WILL MOKENEX ACHIEVE THE VISION?

In a simple and focused manner:

1. Through a dedicated Universal Payment Gateway

2. Token exchanging through Swapper platform

3. By expanding acceptability and applications in e-commerce and marketplaces

4. By developing ways to ensure inter-functionality with other growing decentralized systems



UNIVERSAL CRYPTO PAYMENT GATEWAY

Mokenex is open to big and growing target market to penetrate. There is large "white space" in digital payments market to conquer. It will be applicable in e-commerce platforms including Opencart, Magento, Drupal, WooCommerce, Zencart and others. Other targeted markets are bill payment services as well as tokenized/blockchain marketplaces. Together those markets are valued in hundreds of billions of US dollars. The integrated gateway will operate in long list of crypto money: Coins: Bitcoin, Litecoin, Ethereum, Dash, NEM, Bytecoin, Electroneum, IOTA, ZCash, Monero, Cardano Ethereum ERC20 tokens - all Waves, NXT, Omni, Bitshares tokens (second phase) - all

Merchants can either accept payments in all available options (coins and tokens) or only individual crypto currencies that they choose. Mokenex Smart Price Aggregation and Generation Engine will generate fair price conversion based on live feed from market quotes.

Merchants have two options for showing product prices and receiving payments:  Price in FIAT: in this case, Mokenex generates and shows the value of the given fiat price in the cryptocurrencies (both tokens and coins) which Merchant accepts. Payer then pays in one of those crypto currency options accepted by the Merchant.  Price in COIN: (i.e. BTC, ETH): Payer pays in one particular coin from list of coins acceptable by Merchant. If Merchant accepts tokens as well, then Mokenex will generate and show the value of the given coin price in tokens, which the Merchant accepts. Payer pays in tokens from his balance. If Payer has no balance of the accepted token he can get them by swapping in Mokenex.

Payers, after clicking dedicated "Pay with Mokenex" option on a given e-commerce/e-payment site, login to their Mokenex account, spend from their available balance.

Costs Payers are not charged for payments. Merchants charged lowest fee - 0.25% of crypto currency paid.

For merchants use - it is also planned to add an option of conversion to fiat money, in which case extra conversion fee expected in case if the functionality will be provided by a third-party provider.



TOKEN EXCHANGING

* - (selling, buying, deposit, withdraw)

Users will be able to exchange their tokens. Users will be able to offer their particular token and ask for it not only one but multiple choices of other tokens. Mokenex will support almost all ERC20 tokens (exception may be very low volume tokens) traded in online exchanges. In second phase, platform will support other blockchain based tokens including Waves, NXT, Omni and Bitshares. Smart Price Engine will instantly aggregate market prices of two tokens against other coins (i.e. BTC). It shall then offer most possible and fair quote in quantities (example: for xxx A tokens you receive xxx B tokens). User(s) then decide whether to swap in the given offer. Costs No fee is planned for swapping. No deposit or withdrawal fees and minimal limits.

HOW ABOUT MOKENS?

Mokens are also used as a payment currency. They are like fuel for using Mokenex platform. Plus, Moken holders will have access to special features. In order to activate their accounts users (both merchants and payer/users) will need to add Mokens. In the second stage of the project Mokens to become universal crypto currency for investing in various crypto investment funds. Foundation will continuously work on its acceptance for this purpose.

PERSPECTIVES

In next stages of Mokenex project it is planned to develop new capabilities for Mokenex, two main ones are described below: NFC mobile contact payments directly from smartphones - to meet anticipated growth in on-site shopping and payments in crypto currencies.



FOUNDATION'S MISION

Foundation - Core developers together with the advisor/collaborators are determined to realize the project and maintain Mokenex. After the launch of the platform a team made of fulltime support experts will be formed for overseeing and running it. Since the project is only partially commercial the generated proceedings will be used for funding this purpose. Mokenex will be run just like a normal firm.

We have precise, simple and no strings attached mission: implement basic technical infrastructure by core developers and further promote usage of Mokens and Mokenex through enabling it in multibillion e-commerce and e-payment industry.

Call for Developers Annual call for developers will be held. Foundation will ask developers to design various tools, dapps and ideas for Moken and Mokenex uses. Selected projects will be rewarded with tokens reserved for this purpose.



CROWDSALE



Mokens will be constantly used both as a payment crypto money and for running the Mokenex platform. In order to ensure support for implementing the Mokenex vision and developing basic technologies, token sales is planned as described below.



Tokens: 17 million, ERC20, 18 decimals. Symbol: MOKN



Distribution: 15.2 million: 1 million: 300.000: 500.000:



public offer developers and core contributors community promo campaigns reserved fund (developer rewards, liquidity)



Note: All quantities other than `public offer' are to be kept in a segregated address.



Rate: 1 ETH = 5000 MOKNs Hard cap: 3040 ETH

Initial coin offering starts in (GMT): Monday, January 22, 2018 12:00:01 AM, ends (GMT): Tuesday, March 13, 2018 11:59:59 PM

If necessary, there maybe be held additional token sale in order to ensure financial support and distribute most if not all tokens for public use.



2017 Moken Foundation contact@mokenex.com



