MoonLite Whitepaper

Draft V0.9

MoonLite presents an opportunity to hold a token in a new-generation, industrial scale cryptomining operation that is focused on efficiency by employing Artificial Intelligence and Custom Algorithms,

and profitability by using low cost and clean energy sources.

CONTENTS 1  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



What is the MoonLite Project Mission Statement Strengths and Core Competencies The Opportunity The Market Strategy Simplified Business Model Data Centre Details Capital Distribution Critical Success Factors and Assumptions Simplified Team Structure Operational Plan The MoonLite Project Milestones Token Distribution Graph Capital Distribution Graph Profit Distribution Graph Token Buy-Back Information Core Team Board of Advisors Why did we choose Iceland Why Choose The Moonlite Project? Value Offering to Investors Anticipated Investment Returns Token Swap Summary



Page 3 Page 4 Page 5 Page 6 Page 7 Page 8 Page 9 Page 10 Page 11 Page 12 Page 13 Page 15 Page 18 Page 19 Page 19 Page 20 Page 21 Page 22 Page 23 Page 24 Page 25 Page 26 Page 26 Page 27



2  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



What is the MoonLite Project?

The MoonLite Project will operate in the Crypto-Currency Mining space, and plans to begin by mining predominantly Bitcoin, Bitcoin Cash, DASH & Litecoin on an industrial scale. Operations are set to begin in August 2018, and aims to be in time, one of the larger global crypto-mining companies.

We will establish our data centres in countries where the contractual electricity supply is clean & green, reliable, costs are the lowest, and that are politically stable. Our first data centre is planned to be in the country of Iceland, where the average tariff for an industrial connection is around 0.045 USD per kWh.

We have the best operational team to oversee and maintain effective operations of our data centres, and we have the most experienced and qualified board of advisers to assist in planning and executing a smooth launch. We are very selective of who we invite to be part of our team, and only engage with the best talent.

MoonLite will combine a number of emergent technologies and systems that will work in synergy to maximize the profits and efficiency of large-scale cryptomining.

The proceeds from mining operations will be split as follows:

 Liquidating a percentage into fiat currency for operational costs and traditional investments, ad-hoc re-investment into operations, and other crypto & blockchain opportunities

 Retaining a certain percentage of crypto-currency for the appreciation and investment value through, investment in a number of crypto-hedge-funds, and investment though other traditional investment channels

 Retaining a certain percentage of crypto-currency to be used for planned equipment purchase and expansion.

The ratio will be placed to a vote by token holders on a quarterly basis, but will begin with a 60:20:20 split. All voting will be executed by secure.vote, a decentralized blockchain governance voting system.

MoonLite intends to grow into one of the largest crypto currency mining organizations in the world by using low cost, sustainable, and green energy exclusively, run by the best team available, and using customized algorithms and Artificial Intelligence installations to dramatically improve operational efficiency and autonomy of all data centres, by implementing our custom "smart-mining" solution.

** Energy pricing as stated may be verified at: https://www.km.com.qa/CustomerService/Pages/Tariff.aspx ** Please select the "industrial" tariff scale from the drop down banner ** Prices as quoted are correct at date of publication

3  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Mission Statement MoonLite Mining aims to add value to all token holders by employing the latest technology, rolled out in the most efficient manner, and run by the most suitable team in order to meet and exceed all performance and growth targets. MoonLite will embrace youth, technology, fun, and aims to be a preferred employer of the best talent available. We embrace Blockchain Technology, and will continue to advance the company and teams in parallel. We invite you to make history in the crypto currency and mining space by investing in the creation of the one of the largest and most unique mining farm in the world. The uniqueness of our mine will help us solve a number of mining problems, such as cooling, power consumption and construction of capital facilities. MoonLite will issue the MoonLite Tokens (MNL) via an audited and tested Smart Contract

4  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Strengths and Core Competencies Strength will be attained in introduction and maintenance of security and redundancy measures:

 Multiple stable currencies mined  Multiple pools managed, as well as local nodes  Multiple power supplies and internet connections  Multiple mining sites  Backup servers  Multiple hot and cold storage wallets  Backup PSU's, hardware, and systems Only the best talent will be invited to be part of the team, and will be experienced in all parts of cryptography, networking, and hardware maintenance. The company will be highly capitalised, and highly liquid, while generating a significant operational profit under an effective and goal orientated management team. This places the company well, as it will be able to keep up-to-date with the latest technology allowing for agile and profitable operations. We will be able to take immediate advantage of opportunities to upgrade hardware, technology, and other opportunities Our company will hold sole ownership of all equipment used in daily operations, and our team will retain immediate control over our systems at all times, and these assets are the best hedge against losses stemming from any downside risk or project failure.

5  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



The Opportunity

Crypto-currencies have developed over the last 9 years, and have grown from a concept to a relatively stable investment for many. The establishment and certainty of the market and currencies is proven.

With the release of ASIC and other high performance mining equipment, it has become possible to mine crypto-currencies efficiently and profitably. The opportunity lies in the ability to generate significant profit from a large scale mining farm because the `difficulty' level has somewhat stabilised for many currencies. Other currencies are still on comparatively low difficulty levels and that represents a fantastic opportunity for new miners with a suitably sized operation.

MoonLite will have dedicated ASIC and specialised equipment to mine:

 Bitcoin, and bitcoin derivative's  DASH (former Dark Coin)  Litecoin  Ethereum, depending on profitability at the time

The company aims to continue mining high value, proven and stable currencies with the view of turning some of the mined currencies into fiat currency, while retaining the balance in crypto-currency for the purpose of expansion and investment value.

The opportunity to profit from mining comes from an ever increasing demand for cryptocurrency, and the accessibility by way of dozens of platforms coupled with the capability to mine a significant amount of crypto currency that may be sold on to the consumers and traders.

MoonLite will fill this gap by addressing the demand for currency by way of mining at a suitably sized mining farm. Our planned capacity is as follows:



Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3



Bitcoin 28,000Ths 56,000Ths 120,000Ths



Dash

15,000Ghs 30,000Ghs



Litecoin 504,000Mhs 504,000Mhs 1,008,000Mhs



 Growth could surpass the above  Equipment will be sold and replaced periodically to prevent a decrease in income

due to increased mining difficulty levels  A focus on more stable currencies (both price and difficulty)  Cash reserves may be used to supplement the above



6  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



The Market



Market Capitalisation for the currencies we will be mining:



Bitcoin:



$252,419,830,420



Bitcoin Cash: $41,558,084,293



Ethereum: $93,405,070,461



DASH: $8,964,815,433



Litecoin:



$12,743,719,310



*correct at date of publication*



These figures are growing hourly and thereby present the opportunity to partake in this growth market by providing the processing power to the network in return for financial rewards.



The currency, once mined, will be broken down as described previously. The portion of currency to be liquidated will be sold on the exchanges as there is an ever increasing supply of individuals and corporations requesting to purchase crypto currencies for trade and investment. This demand is not expected to die down.



Our mining operation will not have a significant market share in global mining operations; however will be by far the largest mining operation in Southern Africa, we will easily be able to expand further due to the well capitalised and nimble nature of the operation.



7  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Strategy  Mine the largest and most stable currencies using the most efficient equipment  Mine on an industrial scale and capitalise on the economies of scale and proportionately reduced overhead costs  Aggressive expansion and equipment replacement policy  Mining in several pools, and local in-house nodes for each currency  Power and HR costs kept to a minimum  mining in areas with low power cost  Redundancy built into every system  Proceeds split into a 60:20:20 ratio

Profits arise from:  Currency will be liquidated into fiat currency and invested traditionally, and through the investment arm of the group.  Static un-allocated currency will be invested through crypto-hedge-funds  Increase in the retained currency value  Income from the active crypto-currency trading by our dedicated trading team  Sell currency when price is high, Purchase equipment when price is low

By combining the above as described, with our data centres trading at the bottom of the operational price curve due to low operational and energy costs, we will be able to hedge against downside risk and devaluation of currency, while still reserving the opportunity to profit from increase in currency valuations. In the event of increasing energy tariffs or other market risks, Moonlite would be more resilient and would be able to remain in the market while other miners exit. Arguably, this would have a beneficial effect on mining difficulty and our profits.

8  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Simplified Business Model Revenue will be generated by means of:

1) Establishing data centres in locations where there is a suitable and stable supply of energy at cost effective rates. Data centres may be consolidated or moved to more suitable locations as the business expands. Each data centre will be an independent facility with its own operational staff, power source, high speed fibre internet connection, servers etc.

2) Equipment will be configured to mine in the most efficient manner, using a combination of public mining pools, and dedicated nodes (part of a pool) setup within our local network. Machines will be reconfigured to mine in different pools depending on profitability and latency.

3) Every machine will be monitored and operated using specialised mining management software. This allows for easy and effective performance monitoring on a local and remote basis, and the mass adjustment of miner settings (such as stratum info). A minimum of 90% operational uptime is required from the teams.

4) Performance is monitored and adjustable by the teams 24 hours of the day.

Major costs A detailed breakdown of all operational costs in included in the cash flow projection and capital distribution graphs, however the greatest cost by far is the energy costs used for running the miners, systems, and cooling. The rental of the warehouses and staff costs make up the majority of the balance of expenses. Combined, the above costs make up approximately 94.3% of the total expense budget.

9  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Data Centre Details Our first data centre will initially be leased, with a non-obligatory option reserved to purchase at a future date. Our Data Centres will be located using the following strategies:

 Close to substations  Preference to clean and renewable energy  Large open warehouse  Separate and secure office space  In an area with surplus energy available on its local grid (without the need for

municipal infrastructure upgrades)  Within a secure perimeter  Staffed with English speaking team members

We will employ the following security measures:  Secure perimeter wall with the appropriate fencing (barbed, spiked, electric etc)  CCTV inside and outside of the data centre  Biometric access to the facility and separately the data centre floor restricted to certain individuals  Strict visitor tag and control system  Security guards and security patrols  Separate security office with control room personnel  Dedicated firewall servers for our mining floor  No external access via hard wire or wireless connections to the mining network

10  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Capital Distribution The capital allocation will be broken down into the following:



1234



Description



1



Operational Assets



2



Operational Reserves



3



Advisory Team



4



Reserves



Amount $4 200 000,00 $2 000 000,00 $300 000,00 $8 500 000,00



% 28,00 13,33 2,00 56,67 100,00%



It should be noted that the equipment may easily be sold on local and international markets at the same price of purchase due to the high demand and low supply of miners. This is a good hedge against downside risk and project failure.

Cash on hand will be used to cover for unplanned expenses and possible ad-hoc expansion into another data centre. This value is immediately liquid and not at risk.

The only "write off" will be the initial setup expenses, and these will be recovered within the first full month of operations. Therefore none of the initial investment is at risk for more than 4 weeks and can be completely liquidated within 1-4 weeks.



11  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Critical Success Factors and Assumptions  The company needs to continuously update equipment increase or maintain the available hash-rate to keep up with rising mining difficulty levels.  Income is based on the business keeping up with rising difficulty levels of volatile currencies such as DASH. The risk is offset by mining stable currencies such as BTC, however focus on maintaining constant income levels will need to be primary  Maintaining a cost effective energy supply  Keeping costs as per the cash flow projection/budget  Overall equipment uptime at 90%+  Additional equipment after phase 1 will be purchased with mining proceeds only  Maintaining a healthy available cash surplus

12  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Simplified Team Structure



Data Centre General manager



Personal Assistant



Mining Manager



Financial Manager



Mining Team x 3



Financial Controller



Mining Technicians x 4



Crypto Traders x 2



Data Centre Teams:

 3-5 years technical IT and networking experience  Responsible for:

o Ensuring miner and data centre up time o Effecting changes to miners o Monitoring miners and mining statistics o Daily reporting to operations manager o Fixing hardware faults where possible o Cabling and networking o Maintaining certain server roles



13  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Data Centre General Manager:  8 years + experience in IT systems and 5 years + experience in managing teams  Ensuring group uptime and targets are met  Managing the data centre teams  Electricity supply and management  Maintaining all server roles  Planning changes to be effected on miners (pools, stratums, nodes etc)  Continuous performance monitoring  Expense and supplier management (ordering)  Reports to director and responsible for all operations  System and network audits

Director:  Monitoring and refining goals and targets  Financial management of Fiat and Crypto currencies  Ensures that operations are on the set growth plan  New data centre and equipment planning  Supplier and client relations management  Asset management  Ensures all targets are met  Sales of crypto currencies  Investment of currencies  Oversight of all operations  Forms part of the board of the international holding company

The data centre teams have not been placed yet, and there are currently 3 candidates for the operations management post. These teams will be assembled closer to the launch date, and as and when needed. Each new team member will go through thorough company induction and training courses prior to being placed in operations.

14  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Operational Plan

Equipment:

All ASIC equipment required for mining operations will be sourced directly from the manufacturers upon the release of the product batches due to the scale of our orders.

The orders will be air-freighted to the data centres and couriered to the warehouses where the data centres will be setup.

MoonLite will purchase equipment in large volume as to qualify for direct sales with the manufactures, and also take advantage of better pricing and the establishment of sound, long term relationships.

We have established sound relationships with both the Sales Departments and Higher Management at the suppliers of our equipment, namely

 Bitmain Technologies  World's largest manufacturer of ASIC mining equipment  Bit Fury  Manufacturer of the ASIC machines with the world's highest Hash rate  Pin idea  Manufacturers of X11 ASIC equipment

By securing these relationships provides Moonlite with:

 Planned and confirmed delivery dates, providing us with operational security and the knowledge that our roll-out plan will remain on track

 Highest levels of support  First knowledge and option for procurement of new equipment  Direct access and contact with all levels of the suppliers' respective organisations

The equipment that will be deployed will be made up various combinations of the following ASIC miners:

 Bit Fury B8 Mining Server  47 TH/s  Bitmain Antminer S9  14TH/s  Bitmain Antminer D3  15GH/s  Bitmain Antminer L3+  504MH/s  Pinidea DR100  19GH/s

On occasions such as when the manufacturers have sold out their stock, emergencies, and other immediate requirements, equipment may be purchased from wholesalers.

All equipment will be purchased in bitcoin, or another acceptable crypto currency.

The equipment will remain on the company balance sheet (free of finance) as a hedge against project failure as the vast majority of investment capital will be used in the purchase of mining equipment.

15  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Setup: The miners will be grouped by the currencies which they mine, and will run on a single Local Area Network (LAN) with a 100mbps fibre internet connection, and a satellite internet connection as a backup. The network will be controlled by domain controller, DHCP, and terminal services servers to allow for increased efficiency. The power supply into the warehouses is municipal, and will have backup diesel generators to accommodate for power failure. The miners will all be run on Awesome Miner and Genesis Hive software from a local control station, and will be configured by the data centre teams as per their instructions from management, if there is increased latency or pool downtime, and for any other technical reason related to bettering performance. We will also incorporate remote monitoring of the entire system status as well. The performance will also be strictly monitored from the control station, and daily reports about the following will be generated:

 Which miners are mining which pools  Uptime information  List of issues  Repair logs  Replacement machines  Other operational information  Volumes of currency mined and profits

16  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Flows of Currency:

All currencies mined (rewards) will be paid upon set thresholds. These thresholds will be set so that reward payments are made daily, or twice daily.

These rewards will be paid from the mining pools to our hot wallets with multi-sig requirements for each currency. At the end of each day, or as often as reasonably required, the full contents of the hot wallets will be transferred to our cold wallets for secure storage.

We will have a cold wallet for each currency, and have backup wallets in case of theft, damage or failure of the primary wallets. All private keys will be stored in a secure vault within our bank. There will be no copies of these private keys saved, printed or otherwise stored anywhere else.

Periodically, but at a minimum of 2 weekly, MoonLite will liquidate 60% of its newly mined currency into fiat currency. This will be used for the payment of running costs to vendors who do not accept bitcoin as a payment method. The balance of the fiat currency will be invested in traditional investments and invested through our investment arm, Capitevo Investments.

20% of mined currency will be retained, and will be ring fenced for the purchase of additional equipment to expand the operation

20% of mined currency will be stored in the cold wallets and held as an investment in crypto currencies, and actively traded by our team of dedicated crypto traders.

From time to time, and depending on the operational or investment value, currencies may be exchanged for other currencies. Example, changing DASH to BTC to take advantage of favourable price changes.

A selected portion of our static currencies that are not being deployed into operations or reserved for liquidity and security may be invested with a number of crypto-hedge-funds to increase returns on static currency.

Equipment Replacement Policy:

As the mining difficulty rates increase and the manufacturers release more powerful and efficient equipment, we will replace existing equipment with the new, later versions. The old equipment will be sold on local and international markets using online and offline methods. These equipment upgrades will be planned to be cash positive (i.e., no downtime) and will be done in bulk.

The reason for the upgrades will be to maintain a `constantly increasing' profitability even though difficulty levels are constantly increasing.

17  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



The Moonlite Project Milestones

Concept Development & Refinement February 2017

Pre-Sale Seed Funding Phase begins - White Paper and Web Site is released 24 November 2017

Pre-Sale Seed Phase closes 05 January 2018

Smart Contract Audit Results Released 10 January 2018

Phase 1 of Public Pre-Sale Opens (100%-300% Token Bonus) 05 January 2018 at 12:00 GMT

Phase 1 of Pre-Sale Closes & Phase 2 Opens (50% Token Bonus) 31 January 2018 at 12:00 GMT

 Pre-Sale Phase 2 Closes 14 February 2018

 ICO Main Sale Opens 28 February at 12H00 GMT

 ICO Closes 15 March 2018 at 12H00

 Data Center Construction Starts  02 Apil 2018

Mining Equipment Installation & Networking Begins 02 July 2018

 OFFICIAL DATA CENTRE OPENING & START OF MINING OPERATIONS  1 August 2018

Moonlite will provide the following assurances to investors regarding project delivery:  The appointment and commissioning of an independent and well respected auditor to audit and regularly report on the progress of the project milestones  The circulation of the formal supplier commitment with respect to the volumes and delivery dates of our equipment  Weekly progress updates via all of our social media channels and email newsletter

18  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Token Distribution

70



5



5



3



17



Developers & Advisors Team Bounty Presale Token Swap Campaign



Planned Capital Distribution



2



40



45



3 10



Operational Assets



Operational Reserves



Advisory Team Reserves



Setup Expenses



19  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Planned Profit Distribution



7 35

35



23



Expansion



Provisions



Share Buy Back



Team Bonus



20  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Token Buy-Back Information

Moonlite will allocate 35% of its annual corporate profits to buying back MNL tokens at a premium rate. We see this approach as fundamentally different from most of the previous ICO's that succeeded in raising funds for product development but failed to give investors any notable return. We will employ the following methodology for calculation of the token repurchase price:

{[(35/100) x Annual Corporate Profit] x [number of tokens held/total tokens]} + Current Token Price

Simplified, Moonlite will distribute to a token holder who wishes to sell tokens in the repurchase, their share of the equivalent of 35% of the corporate net profits after Interest, Tax, Depreciation & Amortization in addition to the current market price for their tokens. The first buyback will be offered to Presale contributors only, and will be offered in a closed purchase offer. If there is any remaining distribution available after the Presale Contributors buy back, it will open to all other token holders by way of a buy order on the public exchange. Thereafter, we will offer repurchase deals using the same formula to all token holders every 6 months after the financial statements and auditing results have been prepared, by way of a buy order on the public exchange. All token holders will receive notification of the offer amount within 2 weeks of releasing the half yearly financial statements, and will receive weekly reminders in the 4-week run up to the opening of the token repurchase session. Effectively, Moonlite will place the buy order on the public exchange 6 weeks after the release of the financial results. Coin holders will receive their buyback in the form of BTC or ETH.

BURN

All repurchased tokens will be immediately burned. "Burning" means that purchased coins will be taken off the market, with the consequence that the total supply of MNL coins will decrease. This allows the net asset value of a coin to increase over time. This option represents a fair way for everyone, especially when conducted transparently.

ICO TO IPO

Moonlite reserves the right to `go public' by way of offering shares in a traditional IPO. At that time, MNL tokens will be redeemable for stocks.

21  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Core Team 22  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Board of Advisors 23  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Why Did we Choose Iceland:

 The country of Iceland is highly conducive to the international data centre business.  First world European country that is highly technologically advanced, that is part of the

European Economic Area  Ranked 12 out of 189 countries on the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business Index for 2014  IMD's World Competitiveness Yearbook 2014 ranks the Icelandic population's IT skills as

second in the world  Exempt from VAT, and VAT claimable on all Data Centre Equipment  Corporate Income Tax at 20%, with the possibility of a ceiling  Long term, fixed energy prices by contract  The World Economic Forum ranked the delivery security of energy in Iceland as the third

best in the world  100% of electricity generated in Iceland is clean, and comes from hydro, geo-thermal, and

wind sources  Icelands robust infrastructure, secure connectivity, renewable energy supply, business

environment and other key factors combine to position Iceland at the top of Cushman & Wakefield's 2016 Data Center Risk Index  Year-Round FREE cooling due to the cold Icelandic climate  Super low Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) of 1.07  High speed, redundant fibre internet connectivity, both locally and internationally  Iceland ranks no. 9 out of 189 countries on the World Bank's Ease of Getting Electricity Index  A large amount of correctly zoned land is available, as well as finished facilities suitable for data center operators, that is close to sub-station, fiber internet connectivity, and airports.

24  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Why Choose The Moonlite Project:

 Our project has the hottest talent, from its senior leadership all the way through to our mining floor. We have focused on attracting only the best, and those who understand that efficiency and profitability is our goal, and who are experts in their respective fields

 Most relevant and industry leading advisors who are involved in the project add a great amount of highly valuable expertise to all areas of our launch

 Our data centres are to be some of the most efficient in construction, cooling, configuration, and mining efficiency due to advanced algorithms and artificial intelligence employed in the mining operations

 Redundancy and security in every single system, from energy, to networking, to management software, to security

 The Moonlite project offers complete transparency to all stakeholders and the general public by way of our social media channels and investor newsletters in the following aspects: o Progress with the ICO o progress with the project and data centre construction o Progress with mining operations o Allowing investors to visit the facility after opening o Direct contact to senior management without delay

 We invite investors to partake in voting around operational endeavours such as currency distribution, new data centres and the like

 Best in class token buy back and profitability structure  Superior advantage using economies of scale and light weight overhead structures  Team tokens are in lockup for 180 days, providing security and commitment to investors  Smart Contracts are fully audited by an independent professional smart contract auditing firm  Re-purchased tokens are burned and removed from circulation

25  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Value Offering To Investors:

 Repurchase of tokens at a premium, creating immediate liquid returns  Tokens that are repurchased are "burned" and removed from circulation. This will increase

the value of existing tokens still in circulation  Tokens are freely transferrable on a public exchange  Monthly operational and financial updates  Formal signed financial statements produced and distributed to token holders half-yearly  Annual financial audit and audit of the smart contracts. Results to be circulated  Voting over certain operational aspects  Direct access to senior management  Perfect operational and financial transparency  Team tokens are in lockup for 180 days, providing security and commitment to investors



Anticipated Investment Returns

The below table displays the expected additional, attributable profit per token, distributable during the MNL buy-back program, as compared to the possible number of tokens in supply at the time.



Month

12 18 18 18 18



Tokens In Circulation (Reference Only) 100,000,000 90,000,000 80,000,000 70,000,000 60,000,000



Expected Corporate Profits (USD)

USD 9,751,743.00 USD 13,357,006.00 USD 13,357,006.00 USD 13,357,006.00 USD 13,357,006.00



USD per Token (additional)

0.0975 0.1484 0.1670 0.1908 0.2226



 These figures are based on our detailed financial projections that can be viewed in our PreSwap Investor pack on our web site.

 The above figures are the `Attributable Profit per Token' and would be paid to token holders in addition to the value of their token on the exchange during the MNL Token Buy-Back Program.



26  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



Token Swap Summary



Token name:



MoonLite



Token Symbol: Token standard:



MNL Ethereum ERC20



Token Swap Price: Token Swap Target:



0.002 ETH = 1 MNL 1 ETH = 500 MNL

Maximum of: 70,000,000 MNL



Token Supply:



100,000,000 MNLT in total. Tokens left undistributed after the token swap will be immediately burnt (destroyed), thus reducing the post-token swap token supply and thereby increasing each token holder's share of the total supply of MNL proportionally.



Token distribution:



3% Bounty, 5% team, 5% developers and advisers, 17% Presale, and 70% of the issued Tokens to be sold during the actual Token Swap Campaign.



Bonus:



50% Bonus in the first 12 hours.



Lockup period:



180 days lockup period for team



Token Swap timeline: Start Date: 28/02/2017 (GMT 12:00) End Date: 15/03/2017 (GMT 12:00)



Public Exchange:



Ether Delta



1) US Purchaser Restriction

If a Purchaser is a citizen, tax resident or green card holder of the United States of America ("US Purchaser"), he/she shall not participate in the Campaign."

IP Filtering will be present on our web site (www.moonlite.io)

2) By partaking in the MNL token swap, you state that you have read, understood, and agree to all terms and conditions document as outlined on our web site under section ("Terms & Conditions")



27  Moonlite White Papers | team@moonlite.io | www.moonlite.io



