Mossland

Reality Reflection

Ver 1.14

1



Contents

Contents . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2 1 Introduction . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 3 2 Mossland . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5

2.1 Location-based AR mobile game . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5 2.2 Trading of Properties . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7 2.3 Location based P2P(Peer to Peer) Advertisement platform . . . . . . . . . . . . 9 3 Moss Coin . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 3.1 Moss Coin summary . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 3.2 Moss Coin and Moss . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 12 3.3 Moss Coin distribution plan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 13 3.4 Moss Coin burn and issue policy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15 4 ICO (Initial Coin Offering) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 4.1 ICO schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 4.2 Benefits for Moss Coin buyers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16 4.3 Policy and precautions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 18 5 Market Insights . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 5.1 Location-based Check-in app . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 20 5.2 Item trading market . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21 6 Development and launching schedule . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 23 7 Team . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24 7.1 Reality Reflection . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 24 7.2 Members . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27

2



1 Introduction

"Mossland" is a location-based Augmented Reality(AR) mobile game based on real estate. Users can identify real properties in vicinity, acquire and trade them in the game. Virtual properties in the game can be tradable and liquified through cryptocurrency exchange, so users will put time and effort to increase the value of their properties. Augmented Reality Virtual property value in the game is proportionate to the number of check-ins in the properties and the owners will install "Accessory", AR objects in attachment to the virtual properties, which is the most effective way to draw attentions from the other users. Accessory will not only make the virtual properties visually attractive but also provide in-game benefits to the users, which would increase the number of visitors.

As more people join the game, more properties would be installed with various AR Accessories. It would be visually attractive to see how the familiar cities' landscape changes their images with exotic AR visuals, which would be a great marketing point for this game.

Figure 1: Real property + Accessory (Augmented Reality object)

Tradable Property, Accessary Properties and Accessories of the Mossland can be traded between users through in-game auction system. Such transactions between the users can be done by using "Moss", which is an in-game currency matched with "Moss Coin", a cryptocurrency secured by blockchain technology. After the game release, Moss Coin is expected to be listed in the cryptocurrency exchanges giving liquidation value to users who has made transactions with Properties and Accessories.

3



Figure 2: In-game Auction House. Users can trade Properties using Moss

Figure 3: Moss used to trade Properties can be exchanged to other cryptocurrency or fiat money Location Based P2P Advertisement Mossland creates a new advertising platform based on the convergence of real location-based games with AR technology. Any users of Mossland can create and run advertisement campaign through a simple interface after setting an ad budget using Moss. Advertisement fee will be collected by the operation company and the remainder will be used to incentivize users who have visited the real properties. Since Mossland is a location-based game, its ads will be exposed to the users in vicinity of the real properties, resulting higher probability for the users to visit or make any purchase. AR Accessories will not only add fun experience to the users in the game but also provide tangible value which would be accepted positively and welcomed by the users.

4



2 Mossland

2.1 Location-based AR mobile game Location Based Services(LBS) became popular as GPS capability has been available due to the personal use of smartphones. Based on such GPS availability, users would compete to take the virtual ownerships of the buildings and stores in vicinity, aka Check-in Games 1).

However as the tech giants such as Google and Facebook also added check-in services, simple social networking services sharing my location and checking others' lost their competitiveness. In the meantime, due to remarkable performance improvement of mobile device, AR service which manipulate real-time video with virtual objects has shown a great potential. . By adding AR technology, which is a manipulation of real world with virtual objects, on top of location-based services, it will create a whole new experience of mobile services2).

Mossland adds in-depth gamification on top of the traditional check-in games such as Foursquare. By installing AR objects on Properties, it will enhance the users' gaming experience and motivate users to decorate and boast their Properties in addition to basic gameplay of purchasing, protecting and taking over them.

Figure 4: Check-in to nearby Property

Check-in Basic action of Mossland is Check-in. Users can search nearby buildings based on their locations and check-in to any of them. When users check-in, they can earn Gold or Item as a reward and users will use these resources to purchase and develop their Properties. Whereas the traditional check-in games are designed to check-in to focus on social activities,

1) Foursquare, Gowalla, MyTown etc 2) Refer to Pokemon Go case.

5



Mossland is designed it as essential activity to achieve the game' s goal. Also, Gold and Item rewards by check-ins are randomized to give pleasant surprise and anticipation to users whenever they check in.

Property owner as well as the checked-in users are both incentivized every time they check-in to create a virtuous cycle to increase the value of the Properties in proportion to check-in numbers. Therefore, Properties' owners will be incentivized with economical value in addition to their emotional rewards in the social networking games like Facebook Likes or increase of Twitter followers. Property Property is a virtual asset in the game based on the real estate value. In Foursquare case, users can register any Point of Interest(POI) without any verification process, so there could be multiple POIs for the same place. For example, Eiffel Tower could be recognized as multiple POIs such as `Eiffel Tower' , `The Eiffel Tower' , or `La Tour Eiffel' .

Mossland will utilize fixed POI data such as Google Maps instead of users' POI registration in the first place. Therefore, there shall be only one Property for one POI to protect the its value in the game. Accessory Accessory is an AR object installed on the Property. Mossland' s gameplay is different from the traditional check-in social games by upgrading Properties with time, effort and in-game currency. Such leveling up should be expressed visually to other users to maximize their motivation and accomplishment. In order to visualize the progress of the users' Properties intuitively, Mossland take advantage of AR technology.

Figure 5: Augmented Reality (AR) Accessory

6



For example, the `Leaning Tower of Pisa' without any Accessory would be seen as the same tower in real environment to other users who would see it through the game. However, when the Property owner would add(or release) the `Pteranodon' Accessory around the property, users can see AR Pteranodon flying around the tower in the game. In the same way, Property owner can upgrade the tower with a large `Dragon' by spending more effort and money.

Physical size of the Properties and the Accessories would play a great role. Since AR game screen is based on the real camera view of the user' s device, tall landmark buildings with huge Accessories can attract distant users and make them check in. Therefore, taller and larger buildings which can be landmarks would have higher value in the game.

Figure 6: Large Properties and Accessories can draw distant users' attention The value of the Accessories doesn' t only have visual attraction but also touchability for users just as other successful mobile games. Mossland would also provide touchable functions to the Accessories accordingly and checked-in users would receive rewards based on their interactions. From the check-in users' perspective, Properties with Accessories provide in-game reward in addition to visual effect.

Item In order to acquire Accessories, users need to collect randomized `Items' by checkin from the Properties. Rare Accessories can be acquired only from rare Items and a great amount of Gold.

2.2 Trading of Properties Acquired Properties in Mossland can be traded among users through the Auction House and dedicated currency for auction transaction is Moss.

Currency There are total 3 currencies in Mossland. First, Gold is the most common in-game currency which is generated by gameplay and spent by the users without any supply control. Gold is rewarded in accordance with the check-in, mission accomplishment and level-up and it could be also recharged by in-app purchase from mobile app stores. Therefore, total supply

7



Figure 7: Accessory provide in-game reward in addition to visual effect

of the Gold can be only controlled indirectly by the game contents and it could lead to possible inflation.

Second currency is Gem which can be recharged by in-app purchase(IAP) rather than the gameplay. It' s more valuable than Gold but its supply is also loosely controlled since users can purchase Gem without any limitation. It' s used for buying premium features and Items in the game.

Third one is Moss. Total supply of Moss is strictly controlled unlike the other in-game currencies such as Gold and Gem. Users can purchase with other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin and Ethereum or through in-app purchase only within the total amount of issued Moss. When all the issued Moss are sold out in the game, users cannot purchase Moss anymore. Therefore, total value of the Moss will be protected. Users will use their Moss for Property trading, and transaction fee will be collected by the company to be burned or redistributed in the game.

Auction House Users can list their Properties or Accessories in the Auction House to trade with other users. Transactions between users are managed in an open auction system and don' t allow direct trading between users 3). Following positive effects are expected through the in-game auction system.

 Since the trading is based on Moss which has exchange value, users would have enough motivation to level up their Properties.

3) In case of direct trading between users, there could be abusing cases not using MOC

8



Currency Type Supply Control

Generation

Consumption

Users acquisition channel

Users spending channel



Gold Loose Game reward

IAP

Game contents

Game reward IAP

Game contents



Gem Loose

IAP Game contents

IAP

Game contents



Moss

Strict IAP Purchase in Cryptocurrency exchange B2C Ad hosting User trading fee IAP Purchase in Cryptocurrency exchange B2C, P2P Ad Property selling P2P ad listing budget Property acquisition Cryptocurrency conversion



Table 1: Currencies of Mossland



 Loss of the valuable Properties in the game can be prevented. For example, famous buildings and constructions such as Eiffel Tower, Leaning Tower of Pisa and Statue of Liberty are also recognized as important assets in the game. However, if the early squatters in the game would own those Properties and leave the game, such assets cannot be capitalized. But if there is an active trading market to monetize the exchange value of those Properties, early users will sell those properties before they leave the game so those Properties remain standing.

 Auction House itself is an interesting content in the game. Nature of the auction is to find valuable Properties at a low price and users will frequently visit Auction House to check out the listings to try their luck.



2.3 Location based P2P(Peer to Peer) Advertisement platform

Most of the advertising markets are controlled by the big advertisers with large capital to advertise their products or services to unspecified number of general public. It requires large spending yet it' s still difficult to reach the target audience. Therefore, small local shop owners find advertising difficult to execute and likely to see underperforming results when they run ad campaigns. Such advertisers want to target local users in vicinity with low ad budget for direct impact to their businesses.

Mossland provides location based advertising platform to meet those local stores' needs. Basic structure of the ad platform is described in Fig. 8.

Any user of Mossland can run an ad campaign and its ad channel is based on a specific Property. There are two cases of running on ad campaign; ad campaign on advertiser' s own Property and on other user' s Property. In the latter case, the Property owner' s consent is



9



Figure 8: Advertising campaign flow in Mossland

required for the campaign. For both cases, there is no review or approval process to run an ad by the ad operator.

All ad format is based on CPA (Cost Per Action) and Moss will be rewarded to the users according to the specific action defined by the advertiser (Ad view, check-in, visit, purchase). According to the Fig. 8, major portion of the ad spending will be directly paid to the target users and certain amount of advertising fee will be collected by the Property owner and the company.

These are what Mossland expects from the advertising platform.

 It will provide an opportunity for non-spending users for in-app purchase or cryptocurrency to collect Moss. Still, the entry barrier of cryptocurrencies is high and late majority users are not familiar with the concept. These users may not participate in in-game cryptocurrency economy but would naturally earn Moss as a reward by responding to the ad campaigns. Then, they will likely to participate the Auction House to spend Moss to buy affordable Property.

 This is how the asset value of the Property would increase. Property owners of the recognized buildings are more likely to receive offers to run paid ad campaigns due to the high floating population. Property owner would collect advertising fee and it will result in increase of the Property' s asset value. From the advertiser' s perspective, it will be more economical in the long run to own the Property and it will be another driver to increase the asset value.

 Due to the increased demand of Moss for ad campaigns under the strictly controlled Moss supply, value of the Moss Coin would increase.

There has been continuous attempt to capture location-based micro advertising market from the past but no killer ad platform was introduced. Mossland is trying to break into the

10



ad market by adopting location-based AR technology. Anybody can create an ad campaign on P2P ad platform by using simple ad campaign management tool.

Figure 9: Examples of Augmented Reality advertisement

11



3 Moss Coin



3.1 Moss Coin summary



Moss Coin is cryptocurrency based on Ethereum platform. Detailed spec is referred in Table 2.



Title Name Symbol Platform Total Issue Amount

Exchange Rate



Contents Moss Coin

MOC Ethereum 500,000,000 MOC 1 MOC = 0.0001 ETH 1 ETH = 10,000 MOC



Table 2: Moss Coin summary



3.2 Moss Coin and Moss

As mentioned in subsection 2.2, there are three types of in-game currencies in Mossland. Among them, Moss is a controlled currency by the company to be used for the purchase of Properties and Accessories and running P2P ad campaign. There are three ways to acquire Moss.



Figure 10: User' s acquisition channel of Moss 12



 Acquisition from the Cryptocurrency Exchange In order to supply Moss in the game, Moss Coin will be issued and listed on cryptocurrency exchange. Users can purchase Moss Coin during ICO(Initial Coin Offering) or purchase from the cryptocurrency exchange later. Purchased Moss Coin can be exchanged to Moss at the Game Site and the Moss Coins are securely stored and managed in the company' s wallet. In the reverse way, Moss Coin can be exchanged from the Moss at the Game Site. Then it can be exchanged to other cryptocurrencies or fiat money through cryptocurrency exchange.

 Acquisition through in-app purchase in app stores Moss can be purchased from the mobile app stores such as Google Play and Apple App Store. It is the most convenient way for the users but due to 30% app store fee, the price of Moss purchased from the app store has disadvantage compared to cryptocurrency exchange. Also, to protect the value of Moss Coin, users cannot purchase unlimited amount of Moss but only within the amount allocated from the company. Company would resell only the amount of Moss acquired from transaction fee as in-app purchase items. Therefore, all Moss acquired by in-app purchase from the app stores could be exchanged to Moss Coin at any time.

 Acquisition by Advertisement engagement Users will acquire Moss after completing certain actions (check-in, visit, purchase, etc) offered by the advertisers. Although the rewarded Moss could be a little, anticipated number of participants to Moss economy may be large. Also, users can participate in P2P advertisement as Property owners and receive ad transaction fee. In case of a successful ad campaign, they can earn a lot of Moss.

Regardless of the channels to acquire Moss, all Moss can be exchanged to Moss Coin and Moss Coin can be exchanged to other cryptocurrency or fiat money through the listed cryptocurrency exchange.

Figure 11: Withdrawal of Moss

3.3 Moss Coin distribution plan The supply of Moss Coin will be capped at 500,000,000 MOC. After all 500 million Moss Coins have been issued, new ones will not be created. Issued Moss Coin will be distributed as Table

13



3 and Fig 12. 250,000,000 MOC will be distributed through Pre ICO and Main ICO. Depending on the amount of fund received from Pre ICO, the hard cap of the Main ICO will be modified.

In order to let users purchase Moss by in-app purchase from the beginning of the game service, 75,000,000 Moss Coin will be allocated. When all the allocated Moss Coins are sold, only the secured amount of Moss Coin acquired by the Property transaction fee and ad transaction fee will be sold as in-app purchase items in the game. For the market stabilization, transferring Moss Coin, that is allocated to the team and advisors, will not be allowed for a year after Pre ICO has started.



Item ICO Team Advisor Initail IAP Reserve



Volume 250,000,000 75,000,000 25,000,000 75,000,000 75,000,000



Table 3: Moss Coin distribution plan



Figure 12: Moss Coin distribution ratio 14



3.4 Moss Coin burn and issue policy From the users' trade of Properties or advertising activity, company will collect Moss Coin as transaction fee and such amount of Moss Coin can be burned or resold as in-app purchase items.

 Additional issuance of Moss Coin Total amount of issued Moss Coin is limited to 500 Million. There will be no more issuance of new Moss Coin even in higher demand. Thus, it will result in Moss Coin' s increase in value.

 Burn To protect Moss Coin' s value, company can burn certain amount of Moss Coin. Such information will be announced before the execution to the users.

 Redistribution When there is minimum risk of decrease in Moss Coin' s value, company may redistribute certain amount of collected Moss Coin in the market through in-app purchase items to stimulate the use of the Moss. In-app purchase item price will be determined by the market price of Moss Coin on the day of the decision to redistribute and final price will be higher than the market price due to app store fee. In order to protect the stability of Moss Coin exchange market, company will resell only as in-app purchase item not in cryptocurrency exchange.

15



4 ICO (Initial Coin Offering)

4.1 ICO schedule

Pre ICO and Main ICO are planned and detailed schedule and target sales goal is described at Table 4.

Pre ICO participants can purchase Moss Coin from minimum 0.1 ETH to maximum 1,000 ETH. The standard rate is 1 ETH = 10,000 MOC. Bonus coin for Pre ICO is applied as described in Table 5.

Main ICO participants can purchase Moss Coin from minimum 0.1 ETH and no maximum amount is set. The standard rate will be determined by the average Ethereum price of Pre ICO and initial Ethereum price of Main ICO in order to prevent Pre ICO participants from disadvantages. The Ethereum price for the calculation will be set according to the market price of Bittrex4), and the average price of Pre ICO will be calculated as a median price between minimum and maximum prices during Pre ICO. As Main ICO is held for 4 weeks, the price of Moss Coin during Main ICO will be updated once a week and this will be applied to the market price of Ethereum at that time. Bonus coin for Main ICO will be applied as described in Table 6.



Pmain_ico



=



2Emain Epre_max + Epre_min



 10, 000(M OC/ET H)



Pmain_ico Emain Epre_max Epre_min



= Standard rate of Moss Coin during Main ICO (MOC/ETH) = Ethereum price during Main ICO (ETH/USD) = Maximum Ethereum price during Pre ICO (ETH/USD) = Minimum Ethereum price during Pre ICO (ETH/USD)



4.2 Benefits for Moss Coin buyers The following benefits are provided to the ICO participants.

 Bonus Bonus will be applied to allow the ICO participants to purchase the Moss Coin at a lower price. As described in clause 3.4, company will actively consider burning of the Moss Coin when there is need to protect the Moss Coin value. On the other hand, company will not issue additional new Moss Coin, anticipating increase of the total value of Moss Coin and giving benefits to Moss Coin holders.

 Pre-Auction for Landmark Properties Due to the nature of the game, competition of early squatting of the famous Properties

4) https://www.bittrex.com

16



Table 4: Details of ICO



Item



Contents



Maximum supply Regular price Schedule

Hard Cap

Min purchase Max purchase

Limitation



250,000,000 MOC



1 ETH = 10,000 MOC



Pre ICO Jan. 29, 2018 - Feb. 11, 2018



Main ICO Feb. 19, 2018 - Mar. 18, 2018



Pre ICO



25 M MOC



Main ICO 250 M MOC - Pre ICO sales



0.1 ETH



1,000 ETH



Country where ICO banned



Table 5: Pre ICO bonus plan



Tier < 5 ETH < 10 ETH < 25 ETH < 75 ETH  75 ETH



Pre ICO N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



N/A



Table 6: Main ICO bonus plan



Purchase Period Week 1



Week 2 Week 3



Week 4



2.19 - 2.25 2.26 - 3.4 3.5 - 3.11 3.12 - 3.18



Bonus



15%



10%



5%



2.5%



is inevitable. Expected issue in the early phase of the game service is for the early users to squat on the popular landmark properties with minimum effort. In this case, it would be difficult to provide long term gameplay motivation to users and may create a sense of deprivation to the late comers to the game. To prevent such cases, company will preoccupy some of the major landmark Properties in the beginning as company' s asset.

Some of the preoccupied landmark Properties may be selected to create Augmented Reality Demonstration Street as a showcase for game PR. In the early stage of the game service, Properties with AR Accessories will be lacking, making it difficult for the users to envision what it would be like with installed Accessories. To resolve this issue and to promote to-be model of the game, company will select popular streets with large traffic of users to create demonstration streets to showcase the developed stage of the game.

Also company will select key Properties among the preoccupied and to list on the PreAuction. It will be scheduled before the in-app purchase item sales for the ICO participants and the users who have purchased Moss Coin from them. By participating in the Pre-Auction for the chance of acquiring landmark Properties at a relatively low price of Moss Coin, users can benefit from the anticipated increase of their value in the future.

17



Figure 13: Pre-auction for the landmark properties

When the game service is fully operational with large number of users, it would be very challenging to acquire the landmark Properties even with considerable amount of effort, time and Moss Coin. It will be an exceptional opportunity for the early users to acquire landmark at a great value.

4.3 Policy and precautions ICO participants must acknowledge the following policies and precautions.

 Risk and uncertainty White paper would only describe its business plan and vision, not to guarantee any business result. Users must acknowledge the execution of the business plan could be altered and changed throughout the course of its plan.

 Limitation of ICO participants Citizens of country where the ICO is prohibited cannot participate in the ICO. In case of participation by the user from the banned country, users should be aware of their legal responsibilities, if any.

 Languages Original version of the White Paper is in English and there could be any mistakes or errors in the translated versions. Please check and refer to the original English version for any verification before participating in the ICO

 Usage of Moss Coin Moss Coin will only be used as described in the White Paper. It is not a security so users will not have any voting rights or receive any form of dividends.

18



 Cancellation and refund ICO participants cannot cancel the purchase of Moss Coin or request for refund

19



5 Market Insights

5.1 Location-based Check-in app When GPS(Global Positioning System) become one of the key features of the smartphone, many location-based apps were introduced in the competing market including Foursquare, Latitude, Loopt and Gowalla. Foursquare has won the first round of the check-in market competition but when the large tech giants such as Facebook and Google introduced check-in features in their SNS(Social Networking Service), Foursquare' s usage has decreased continuously.

Figure 14: Foursquare' s Google Play historical ranking data Once market leading app, Foursquare' s decline in its service gave a lot of inspiration to Mossland. By focusing on a simple action of check-in rather than gamification, they were able to growth very rapidly and could hold ground against the fierce competition against Facebook Places. However, as Facebook continued to position itself as an integrated social networking service, using another app (Foursquare) only to check-in became an isolated and cumbersome activity for the users. Social networking service which focuses in a simple social feature like Foursquare' s check-in could eventually be out of the competition against the fully integrated social service app like Facebook. Therefore, Mossland' s core service will focus on the unexplored way of gamification by linking the check-in activity with tangible rewards in the game, providing a clear motivation for the users to acquire valuable landmark Properties. In addition to the self-satisfied ownership of the Properties, users can boast their Properties by adding AR Accessories and run location-based ad campaign to attract other users for more rewards. Additionally, Mossland can provide economical motivation by adopting cryptocurrency based on blockchain technology to give liquidity value. Fundamentally, Mossland can resolve the Foursquare' s challenging question of "Why do I need to check-in? " and differentiate itself from other check-in apps or services.

20



5.2 Item trading market Digital game item trading market has been a hot potato since the early days of online gaming. In the beginning, digital game items' value were questionable but it became a norm to trade them online with respective tangible value. Regardless, there are many countries where such digital game item trading is restricted as online gambling.

Well-known case of restricting game item trading was in South Korea, regulating the release of Diablo III. Originally Activision-Blizzard wanted to release real money auction house in Diablo III in South Korea, Game Rating and Administration Committee disapproved the release, regulating it as online gambling. After a long dispute, Diablo III game release was approved after eliminating the real money auction house in the game in South Korea.

However, supreme court in South Korea has ruled digital game items in NCsoft' s Lineage as legitimate assets in exchange of long hours of digital labor and time. But real money game item trading under the random probability like a slot machine is still illegal and classified as online gambling. Therefore most of the gaming companies do not support game item trading by real money to avoid such legal risk of being online gambling. In the meantime, 3rd party game item trading platform such as Itembay supports item trading between users and collect transaction fee. Due to the lack of safety and security, there are many fraud cases of game item trading until now.

Although some countries restrict and the others allow game item trading, its market size is substantial and has great growth potential. It is no secret that Planet Calypso was sold at $6,000,000 from the Entropia Universe game, which supports real money game item trading.

Figure 15: Most expensive digital game item : Entropia Universe - Planet Calypso In such circumstances, introduction of cryptocurrency using blockchain technology can be a game changer in digital game item trading market. Cryptocurrency do not have a country of issuance nor a concept of nationality and only cryptocurrency owners are bound to be

21



responsible in the country where they withdraw to the fiat money. Service operation company' s role is only to issue the cryptocurrency and distribute in the trading market. Withdrawal of game money to fiat money will be externalized through cryptocurrency exchange and secured by blockchain technology.

Mossland envision that the service operating company can securely and safely provide digital game item trading using cryptocurrency without the medium of unreliable 3rd party platform. Unlike the case of Entropia Universe to exchange PED5) to US dollar only at a fixed rate, Mossland provides global access of withdrawal to any currency through cryptocurrency without any border.

5) PED: Project Entropia Dollar - Currency used in Entropia Universe game

22



6 Development and launching schedule

Mossland development and launching schedule is described as Fig. 16. As soon as the Pre ICO and Main ICO are completed, Moss Coin is expected to be listed in cryptocurrency exchange. The proceeds will fund alpha build development in 2018 and closed beta test(CBT) in early 2019. Mossland will be launched in a few countries to enhance the gameplay and resolve any remaining technical issues before the global service in 2019. The Pre-Auction for the landmark Properties will be held right after the official global launch.

Figure 16: Project roadmap

23



7 Team

7.1 Reality Reflection

Reality Reflection is a VC backed Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality startup specialized in digital human character and game development. Founded in 2015, there are 18 professionals with the background of VR and AR technology, game design and marketing working on Mossland project.



Company Name Location

Established Homepage Business area

Portfolio



Reality Reflection Korea 2015 https://www.realityreflection.com VR, AR, Digital Human character Miniature Tower Defense (2016) Music Inside (2016) Speed Ball Arena (2017) VMoji (2017) Gangsta Underground Poker (2018)



Figure 17: Reality Reflection VR Studio for 3D Digital Human Character 24



VR Games Reality Reflection was established with a clear vision of Virtual Reality world. Studio has released VR games on all available VR platforms including HTC Vive, Oculus Rift, Playstation VR and Samsung Gear VR and accumulated a great amount of technical knowhow for best VR experience.

Music Inside VR Music Rhythm Action Game Oculus Touch launching title Unreal Engine showcase game Amazon AWS Gamelift showcase http://www.musicinsidevr.com

Speedball Arena VR multi-player sports game Unreal Engine showcase https://www.speedballarena.co/

Gangsta Underground Poker VR multi-player poker game Scheduled to release in 1Q 2018

25



Digital Human Reality Reflection has a great interest in digital human technology to represent human character in virtual reality world in a most realistic way. Utilizing their Asia' s biggest 3D scanning studio with 200 DSLR cameras and depth cameras, they have been enhancing 3D human scanning, image compression and real-time photo realistic rendering technology. Based on their accumulated technology, Vmoji, 3D face recognition video chatting app, has been released in Dec, 2017.

Figure 18: Digital 3D human scanning

Figure 19: Face recoginition chatting app VMoji 26



7.2 Members 7.2.1 Team



Wooram Son CEO, Co-Founder

3D Computer Graphics Expert Former Samsung Electonics

Software Engineer



Chester Roh CSO, Co-Founder

Serial Entrepreneur Founder of

Inzen (IPO in Korea), TNC (acquired by Google), 5Rocks (acquired by Tapjoy)



Minuk Kim CTO, Co-Founder

3D Computer Graphics Expert Former Pantech Software Engineer



Yongjun Hong CFO, Co-Founder, KICPA



Sean Oh COO, Co-Founder



Don Lim VP of Business Development



Former 5Rocks CFO Former PwC Korea Accountant



Digital Human Character Expert Former Samsung Electronics Software Engineer



Former General Manager of Com2us USA, Inc.

Former IBM Advisory Sales Rep



27



Byukryun Choi



Sangmin Lee



Lead Character Artist Lead Environment Artist



Former NS Studio Character Artist



Former M Game Environment Artist



Youngdae Cho

Client Engineer

Former NHN Next Software Engineer

Former 5Rocks PR/Marketer



Yunu Kim

Server Engineer

Former Line Games Software Engineer



Junchel Park

Blockchain Engineer

Former Kakao Games Software Engineer



Hyunwook Nam

Blockchain Engineer

Former NHN Next Software Engineer



Seunghyun Kim

Software Engineer

Former NHN Next Software Engineer



Hyunbin Nam

Game Designer

Former Affinity Game Designer



Jerome Hernandez

Creative Engineer

Former CERN Creative Manager



Emily Park

PR Manager

Former Lineable PR Manager

Cheil Worldwide A.E.



28



7.2.2 Advisors



Jeffrey Lim Startup Advisor



Charles Rim M&A Advisor



John Chang Investment Advisor



18+ years of experience in startup ecosystem,

Years of experience in Venture Capital,

Head of Campus Seoul, Google



General Partner, Access Ventures General Partner, Access Ventures



MD, Tapjoy Korea & SE Asia



APAC Head-Equities,



Venture Partner, DFJ Athena VC



Barclays Asia



Head of M&A, Google APAC



CEO, Deutsche Bank Korea



CSO, Yahoo Korea & SE Asia



Co-Founder, Access



Communications



Tim Chae Venture Capital Advisor



Sunkwan Kim Art Design Advisor



General Partner, 500 Startups Korea

Partner, 500 Startups Investor in 30+ tech companies

in SF/SV and Korea



Creative Leader, Google Advisor of Weenu, Art up Seoul

Senior Visual Designer, Yahoo Korea



Peter Van Dyke AR UX & Design Advisor

CSO & Product Head, GTR Production Head, npnf KR/SK Planet

Creative Co-Director, Com2uS



29



Baolong Zhang CG Advisor



Youngwoon Cha Graphics & VR/AR Advisor



Director, Digitallotus Lead Character Artist, Supermassive Games Lead Environment Artist, Climax

Action Level Artist, Ubisoft



UNC Graphics & Virtual Reality CS PhD Candidate Researcher, KIST

Research Engineer, LG Electronics



Wonchai Lee Monetization Advisor

Sr. Football Trader, The Hong Kong Jockey Club

Sr. Odds Compiler, Singapore Pools

Oddsmaker, SportsToto



Min Pyo Hong Security Advisor

Founder, SEWORKS Founder, SHIFTWORKS (acquired by Infraware) Advised governments on digital security issues for 20+ years Five-time consecutive finalist at

DEFCON CTF



Changsu Lee AI Advisor



Widjaja Tannady Real Estate Advisor



Co-Founder & CEO, Allganize SVP, Tapjoy

Co-Founder & CEO, 5Rocks



Founder, Mahanusa Capital Director, PT Pacific Place Jakarta



30



Ilya Mikov Cryptocurrency Gaming

Advisor

Co-Founder, Active Games Founder, Mobile Active

Successfully raised an ICO round for its mobile MMORPG Lordmancer II.



Jason Han Big Data Advisor

Co-Founder & Partner/CTO, FuturePlay

Founder & CEO, NexR (Acquired by KT) Adjunct Professor, KAIST MBA

KAIST PhD in P2P and Distributed System



31



