Abstract

MOVEMENT is an app that transfers users moves into tokens. This paper describes how we use blockchain technology and smart contracts to implement economic dimension to the Movement App that motivates users to workout or to use walking as a main mode of transportation. From now, all the time that people spend for running, jogging or even walking to work/classes and back home will become profitable.

We combined ages of experience in app creation with advices of experienced and successful people from sports industry as well as blockchain industry to create the following whitepaper and the Movement App.

MOVEMENT  is a new ecosystem, where everyone would be able to get coins for beating the distance. It could be running, jogging or walking, outside or using a treadmill. Users will be able to spend their coins in Movement in-app Store by purchasing sports goods, sports nutrition, sportswear and online Fitness & Yoga courses. Or they could simply trade it into tokens and exchange it to any cryptocurrency or sell.

2



Contents

Introduction

Market & Industry Active Lifestyle & Smartphones Competitors

Product Details Problem Definition The Solution

How MOVEMENT App Works? For Regular Users Pre-ICO & ICO Investors Running pools

Competition System Technical Description Security & Anti-Fraud System MOVE Token In-App RUN Coin Functionality Monetizing the App

In-App Shop Advertisement

Project Timeline Token Sale

First Phase: Pre-ICO Second Phase: ICO

Token Distribution Use of Funds Future Outlook Team

3



Introduction

No matter what is persons' profession, hobby or sporting behavior, people always spend their time and energy for transporting. It could be a way to work or back home, sport event, moving around university campus or just a short walk with family and friends.

Running and jogging are one of the most popular sports in the world. Hundreds of millions of people participate in marathons and other running competitions all over the world. The total number of participants of running events raised by 13.25% over the past year.

And just a small percent of people that are being professional athletes and winners of major amateur events are able to make profit out of sports and running in particular. All the platforms presented on market today do not provide the real economic model and mainly give the ability to track sports results and health indicators of user.

At the present time, we are developing an app and the economic model for monetization of active lifestyle and sports. The development is based on blockchain technology and smart-contracts. The currency that will be used inside Movement App is a RUN coin, it will give the ability to interact with the platform. RUN coin could be used for in-app purchases and for trading it into ERC-20 MOVE Tokens, which could be exchanged or sold at the marketplace.

After reading this paper you will get a clear understanding about how the Movement App, Movement Economic System, MOVE Tokens and RUN coins are going to perform.

From now, every person would be able to monetize personal sports activities, travel and everyday life as well as get the additional motivation using Movement API.

4



Market & Industry

Active Lifestyle & Smartphones

2.38bn. people use smartphones in their everyday life. Nearly 2bn. people, which forms 28% from world population lead active lifestyle and workout on daily basis.

It is very hard to state the exact percentage of people who use walking as the main mode of transportation in everyday life, but almost every person use walking for beating short and medium distances, it could be predicted that the number is over 80% of world population. All these people are potential clients of the Movement App.

Competitors

In this this section of the whitepaper we are going to review the main market participants and the potential competitors of the Movement App.

It is very important to mention that the Movement App will be the only platform it this segment to use a blockchain technology and smart-contract.

Sweatcoin Platform was released in 2016 and now holding the top 5 positions in AppStore & Google Play in Health & Sports section in US Store. The App has a 4+ rating and supports Apple Watch. This platform was one of the first to get rewards by counting steps, but the platform does not offer any chance to transfer generated coins into fiat money. The only way to use in-app coin is to spend it on the in-app shop, where the range of goods is short. This platform is only available in USA, Great Britain and Ireland.

5



Sweatcoin Advantage:

- Already working product with over 1mil. downloads - 4+ rating in AppStore & Google Play - Smart Watch support - Well supported by development team (last update 28 September 2017) - Ability to spend your coins on charity

Sweatcoin Disadvantage:

- No real economic system which has real-life value. The only way to spend coins - is an in-app shop, where range of goods is very short. - Servers and technologies of Sweatcoin Platform are centralized and have a full control over database and coins. - Available only in (USA, Great Britain and Ireland) - GPS and accelerator are the only technologies used platform that calculate and control the number of generated coins, that means that coins could only be earned during a real outdoors walk with no chance to use treadmill etc. - No ability to convert generated coins into fiat money or other coins with real-life value. - Only English language supported.

Runister  a platform that provides a service that rewards runners with real money using PayPal account. The platform was launched in 2016 and has 4 rating in AppStore. It does not support any type of smart watch. To use Runister, user should always be ready to participate in short surveys and to agree with data processing.

Runister Advantage:

- Fiat money payments. - Convenient software with handy interface. - Supports a wide variety of languages (English, Spanish, Slovak) - Well supported by development team (Last update 18 September 2017)

6



Runister Disadvantage: - The only way to withdraw funds  is PayPal account which makes it uncomfortable for a big number of users due to a specific withdrawal PayPal rules for some countries. - Servers and technologies of Runister Platform are centralized and have a full control over database and coins. - Does not support Smart Watch. - Need to participate in surveys to use the app for free. - Need to give the agreement for data usage and processing about users' health status etc. - If user denies participating in surveys and does not agree with personal data usage the app is only available for $4.99/month. - Too much negative responses from users which state withdrawal problems. - GPS and accelerator are the only technologies used platform that calculate and control the number of generated coins, that means that coins could only be earned during a real outdoors walk with no chance to use treadmill etc.

7



Product Details

Problem Definition

Large number of people around the world are passionate about running, jogging and sports walk or use walking as main mode of transportation. On average, people spend around $800 per year for fitness club membership, these costs also include sportswear, accessories, sport nutrition, personal trainings. All of these form an amount that exceed $1300 per year.

There is no service or platform with real-life economic system, at present time, which offers users to get real-value tokens for their activities. The development of blockchain technology and smartcontracts gave us the ability to integrate such functions into Movement App.

Billions of people would be given an additional motivation for leading active lifestyle by being rewarded with RUN coins.

The Solution

We are now creating a unique platform, which is developed to motivate user to lead active lifestyle, control health conditions and improve it while getting coins for it. Coins could be used to purchase sportsrelated goods from in-app Shop like sportswear, sport nutrition, online fitness & Yoga courses etc. and could be transferred into tradeable MOVE Tokens in one click.

Users will be given an ability to use their own time and energy to make profit. Movement App would also become a place for a community with common interests in sports, active & healthy lifestyle and healthy nutrition.

8



How MOVEMENT App works?

For Regular User

By using blockchain technology and smart-contracts, we wish to give every user the ability to monetize its' physical activity with no obstacles. Users will be given an ability to start making profit in one click. Fast Sign up process and synchronizing the API with accelerometer and other sensors of the smartphone is the only thing needed to start earning coins. Every registered user will be given a wallet inside the Movement App. All the data as well as earned coins and purchased tokens will be safely secured in it. User will be able to operate with the wallet via smartcontract. Wallet will also show the real-life exchange rate and give user the ability to exchange RUN coins into MOVE Tokens.

9



The exchanges such as Bittrex, Coinbase etc. will be engaged for commitment RUN coins to MOVE Tokens exchange. At this stage, standard methods of suppressing fraud will be applied.

Movement App will support Smart Watch technology as well as integration with all most popular smart accessories and apps for sports and health & activity tracking such as: Fitbit, Google Fit, Apple Watch, Apple Health Kit, etc.

As could be seen from the scheme above, the system will have the following operation principle:

As user runs, jogs, walks and beats the distance RUN coins are being added to his account in real-time. The number of coins rewarded depends on several factors such as total distance, time spent, calories burnt (if synchronized with apps with such calculating functions) and the amount of MOVE Tokens in users' wallet.

The main feature of MOVE Tokens in Movement Economic System is to form an efficiency multiplier and serve as a bonus coefficient applied to the amount of RUN coins rewarded by the Movement App API

EXAMPLE: USER 'A' HAS 0 MOVE TOKENS IN MOVEMENT WALLET SO THE COINS MULTIPLIER IS x0. USER `A' BEATS THE DISTANCE OF 1km AND GETS REWARDED WITH 100 RUN COINS. USER `B' HAS 1 MOVE TOKEN IN MOVEMENT WALLET SO THE MULTIPLIER IS x0.5. USER `B' BEATS THE DISTANCE OF 1km AND GETS 150 RUN COINS FOR IT. *all the numbers stated are abstract

Gained RUN coins could be spent at in-app shop or exchange it into MOVE Tokens.

10



Pre-ICO & ICO Investors

By purchasing MOVE Tokens on First & Second phases of the Token sale contributor gets the following:

- MOVE Tokens at a price that is way lower than the potential market price after the token sale and listings. - Early-access to the Movement App for Alpha & Beta - Tests - The unique economic system that was developed by our team has a potential to become a basis for a new `mining rush' which causes rapid price grow. - Ability to participate in discussion with developers about improvements in platforms performance.

Running Pools

Running pools is the functionality for runners to cooperate with the MOVE Token holders (investors). This will allow token holders to get passive income in terms of RUN coins by holding MOVE Tokens. Here is how we envision it to work. Investor holds some MOVE Tokens, users of the Movement App perform physical activities and generate revenue for the platform by the means of advertising. Investor has a choice to "sponsor" some running team. In other words, one could share the stake of their MOVE Tokens with others and divide the bonus. Of course, investor will get the biggest cut of the bonus because it's the investor's MOVE Tokens that generated the bonus, but the runners will get some part too because investor didn't perform any physical exercise to generate RUN Coins. The Movement App platform will act as a mediator in that system so that the investor will never actually have to jeopardize their MOVE Tokens by transferring them to anyone. Investor just has to declare their MOVE Tokens are in the "share" state with some group of people who run and generate RUN Coins. Investor will have an ability to stop sharing their MOVE Tokens with others at any moment they desire without any penalties. The team of runners that was sponsored will divide the rest of the bonus based on the RUN

11



Coins they generated respectively. So that system ensures the win-win scenario for investors and users and will provide the security and monetization mechanisms to make it appeal for investors to use it.

Competition System

In this section, we are going to discuss the competition component of the Movement App. Our decision to extend the platform by providing such functionality was greatly inspired by the community on bitcointalk and their propositions. Everybody in our team agrees that such a system would greatly improve user experience and retention which is vital for the platform's growth. We came up with the following competition components: Tournaments, 1vs1 bet, daily challenges and friend referral bonuses. Now we're going to discuss them separately in more detail.

Tournament:

This could be a massive event with league or leader system. The idea is that every participant will have to pay the admission fee (in MOVE tokens) to join, some sponsors might pitch in with special prizes too. The 1st, 2nd and 3rd places will get the prizes and rewards between them. Other people will be able to view the tournament in real time, speak in the chat and support different players.

1 vs 1 bet:

A fun way to earn MOVE tokens. The concept lies in simple sport betting vs another player. For instance, user challenge another person who runs 5 miles faster and bet some amount of MOVE tokens. The other person must match the bet for challenge to begin. Once the person accepts your bet, you both need to get ready, once you are ready you will hit the "START" button and begin competing. Our platform will ensure the transparency of the challenge by recording all

12



the steps and GPS position. We will monitor both players at the same time and look for any abnormal behavior to prevent cheating. Daily Challenges:

This idea also has a lot of monetization potential. Every day, users will receive daily challenges about some geographical location near them that they should run to. We will take the user's previous physical activity history to come up with a reasonable distance for them to run. For instance, if user, at most, ran 5 miles using our platform we will not challenge him to run 10 miles. We will not disclose the location to the users until they accept the challenge. Once the challenge is accepted the platform will give the location and start monitoring the physical activity of the users. If you hop into the car and just drive there, Movement App platform will detect that. One also couldn't just use the GPS hack to get to the place because user don't only need the GPS location but also the steps that user made to confirm that he's got there. Our team is very excited about this feature because we see a lot of monetization potential here. For example, let's say the user is given a daily challenge to run to some place in their hometown. After they get there we could show them some relevant add, like "Hey you must be tired, there is a really nice coffee/juice/protein bar around the corner - check it out. The idea is to be able to drive users to businesses and grow the platform's revenue which will drive the price of MOVE Token.

Friends Referrals:

User refers friends to the app and gets bonus in RUN coins + extra bonus for referred user.

Technical Description

13



The technical side of the project could be described as three separate systems: a mobile system, a server system and the smart contract which will govern the platform.

The mobile system is self-explanatory, we're planning on releasing two applications for iOS and Android respectively. Nowadays mobile platforms offer a great number of sensors, such as GPS, accelerometer and gyroscope that could be accessed by developers to easily infer the traveled distance. If we're feeling ambitious we could even try to deduce more kinds of physical activities, for example weightlifting.

The server system only acts as an interface to the smart contract. Mobile clients will send the data to the backend API. We're planning to use AWS services for all our backend related functionality. For example, we're planning to use an EC2 instance as entry point for the API, then the data could be put into DynamoDB using Amazon RDS instance. We're planning to have lambda function sync data between DynamoDB user database and an Elastic Search cluster in EC2. Elastic Search is very powerful and scalable enterprise level solution that could be hosted in AWS for a reasonable cost. Finally, we will have lambda function running periodically and getting called by the CloudWatch event in AWS. This lambda function will get the user activity data for the day and calculate the correct number of RUN tokens to issue. In the process of making these calculations the lambda function will refer to the user's amount of MOVE tokens by calling the main smart contract and checking the balance.

Security & Anti-Fraud System

Introduction

The most common way of addressing a problem of implementing a pedometer in software is to use the readings from the accelerometer. The approach consists of extracting the magnitude of the acceleration vector from the accelerometer on the device that will act as a

14



pedometer. A typical 3 axis smartphone accelerometer produces the following signal in the pocket of running person:

Each period of the waveform is equivalent to the human step under the perfect conditions. In order to enhance the results from the accelerometer signal a low pass filter is applied to the waveform. This

15



results in a smoother waveform and allows to eliminate high frequency noise. Ideally, the approach seeks to get a perfect waveform like the one above.

Problems

The problem with this approach is that it could easily be deceived by simulating the acceleration pattern. For example, attaching an accelerometer to the moving object, animal or a mechanism might produce periodic peaks that would be recognized as steps. Good demonstrations of such "cheating" methods could be observed in the following video materials: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptkaEJiKVuw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl1ophVnCrc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jJAG6TAhzg

16



Solutions

Use more sensors: gyroscope, magnetometer What this allows us, is to get different signatures and combine them using sensor fusion to get a more unique signature of the walking pattern. For example, a filtered gyroscope signal of the walking person looks very different from the accelerometer signal:

Combining the data from two sensors gives us six data points in six dimensions, six for accelerometer and three for gyroscope respectively. Combining them into a 6-dimensional vector and search for a consistent periodic pattern could be a good way to improve the accuracy.

17



And finally, the last sensor that we can make use of the magnetometer. Magnetometer measures the electro-magnetic field and is used at determining the directions. Think about the compass app your smartphone. The knowledge of the current direction could easily filter out all the spinning, rotating devices as well as animals running around in hectic manner for short distances.

Spectral analysis

The signal from the sensor could be further analyzed by applied Fourier Transformation to waveform. Fourier Transformation transforms the signals from the time domain (like the ones above) to the frequency domain. Walking or running is usually consistent in its frequency on the short-term interval. Looking at the frequency signatures of the devices we could mark suspicious behaviors and then further analyze them to catch cheaters.

18



For those who run outside

First of all, we should note that all the devices demonstrated in the video materials above are stationary. The Movement App team views it as one of the main ways to determine a cheating user in the system. For example, when user is in the process of running or walking with the movement app on, in addition to step count data the software will be able to check that the GPS location changed and verify that the number of steps was indeed traveled. Building a cheating mechanism that will not only simulate the movement of the human leg but also move itself around in space is not practical for the potential cheater. The reason is that it will require the investment of resources and time that outweighs the benefit (cheating away RUN coins).

For those who run inside the gym

If you live in California you could go jogging outside 365 days a week, but what if you live in the normal place that has 4 seasons per year and you prefer to go on the treadmill in winter? As more approaches and details are discussed it becomes clear that counting steps accurately becomes more of machine learning problem than just an algorithmic approach. Movement App could check if the location is a gym. For example, what if several movement app users perform physical activity at the same geographical place? It certainly leads to the platform learning, that most probably that location is a gym, a stadium, etc. So even though the GPS sensor is not being engaged the platform could learn from the big number of users and data and make smart decisions.

What if I run inside my own house and my location doesn't change

This is completely fine you will still get RUN coins for you distance. However not displaying the GPS location change will lead to the Movement App platform to perform additional checks before issuing tokens to you. Let's say that we have 100 users in the Movement App. We could see that 96 of them are running outside (due to GPS location change) and 4 are running inside. The platform could compare the

19



running patterns of the 4 users running inside and see if anyone stands out.

If so, the platform could take one step further and look at the running patterns of those who run outside (more credible data) and look for any inconsistency. This an example of how big corporations such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram are looking for abnormal behaviors in their data. It helps them to identify bots and block malicious accounts.

MOVE Token

IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE PAY ATTENTIONT THAT MOVE TOKEN IS AN ERC-20 COMPATIBLE CRYPTOGRAPHIC TOKEN ON A LAUNCHED ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN WHICH WILL BE AVAILABLE DURING FIRST & SECOND PHASES OF THE TOKEN SALE AND COULD BE TRADED ON A MARKETPLACE.

MOVE tokens will be instantly send to your private Ethereum ERC-20 wallet after the transaction is received by the smart-contract.

After the Movement App launch the Token will act as a will act as the efficiency multiplier and serve of a bonus coefficient applied to the amount of RUN coins that the user will receive for their physical activity. MOVE Token can be sold, traded and transferred on the Ethereum Network.

Ownership of MOVE Token carries no rights other than the right to use in the Movement App as an efficiency multiplier. MOVE Token does not represent or confer any ownership right or stake, share or security or equivalent rights, intellectual property rights or any other form of participation relating to the Movement App. Ownership of MOVE Tokens give only the ability to sell, trade and transfer Tokens inside the Ethereum Network.

The total amount of MOVE Tokens is limited by the smart-contract.

20



In-app RUN Coin Functionality

IMPORTANT NOTICE: PLEASE PAY ATTENTION THAT RUN COIN IS NOT AN ERC-20 COMPATIBLE TOKEN AND WILL NOT BE SOLD DURING THE FIRST & SECOND PHASE OF THE TOKEN SALE AND TRADED ON A MARKETPLACE. THE ONLY PURPOSE OF THE RUN COIN IS TO BE USED INSIDE THE MOVEMENT APP API AND EXCHANGE TO MOVE TOKENS.

The amount of RUN coins is not limited. Coins are used to reward users for physical activity and beating the distance in accordance to the total distance, time, multiplier coefficient and Calories burnt.

RUN coins could be spent at the in-app Shop or exchanged to the MOVE Tokens inside in-app Wallet.

Monetizing the App

Monetization of the Movement App is achieved by adding in-app sporting-goods Shop and context based advertisement.

In-App Shop

Our marketing team is now negotiating with the largest online & offline sporting-goods and nutrition shops. We are looking forward for beneficial partnership relationships with the following shops: bodybuilding.com; prodirectsport.com; keller-sports.com; etc. We are also performing negotiations with large wholesale platforms in Asia and Eastern Europe.

21



The following types of goods will be available at Movement in-app Shop: sportswear & accessories, sports nutrition, sports goods for fitness, online/offline Fitness & Yoga courses.

Advertisement

The advertisement will be integrated as banners and short advertising videos. All the ads will be sports-related and not going to be annoying. We look forward to engaging massive sports goods manufacturers such as Nike, Adidas, Reebok, Under Armor etc., we are now negotiating with some of less popular manufacturers of sports goods, nutrition and sportswear. The cooperation with Movement App is mutually beneficial for both the platform and sports goods manufacturer:

- Marketing strengthening as well as audience expansion. Special events, promo, advertisement would raise resource attendance (if online) and brand awareness. - Incomes increase. Coin holders will be able to purchase goods straight in the app with no need to conversion into fiat money. - The potential audience of the app is more than 1 billion people which makes the app highly attractive for advertisers.

Daily challenges

This idea has a lot of monetization potential. Every day, users will receive daily challenges mentioning some geographical location near them that they should run to. System will take the user's previous physical activity history to come up with a reasonable distance for them to run. For instance, if user, at most, ran 5 miles using our platform the app will not challenge him to run 10 miles. The app will not disclose the location to the users until they accept the challenge. Once the challenge is accepted the platform will give the location and start monitoring the physical activity of the users. If user hops into the car

22



and just drives there, Movement App platform will detect that. One also couldn't just use the GPS hack to get to the place because user don't only need the GPS location but also the steps that user made to confirm that he's got there. Our team is very excited about this feature because our team sees a lot of monetization potential here. For example, let's say, the user is given a daily challenge to run to some place in their hometown. After they get there, the app could show them some relevant add, like "Hey you must be tired, there is a really nice coffee/juice/protein bar around the corner - check it out". The idea is to be able to drive users to businesses and grow the platform's revenue which will drive the price of MOVE Token.

Project Timeline

23



Token Sale

First Phase: Pre-ICO

Start date: December 15, 2017 (12:00 PM NYC Time, UTC -4) End date: December 25, 2017 (12:00 PM NYC Time, UTC -4)

Movement App Pre-ICO token sale cap: 3'072'000 MOVE Minimal goal to start: 240'000 MOVE Accepted currency: ETH, BTC, LTC Token exchange rate: Stage 1: 1ETH = 1200 MOVE (240'000 MOVE) Stage 2: 1ETH = 1080 MOVE (360'000 MOVE) Stage 3: 1ETH = 960 MOVE (960'000 MOVE) Stage 4: 1ETH = 840 MOVE (1'512'000 MOVE)

Amount of tokens per one person: Unlimited Minimal transaction amount in Ethereum: 0.1ETH Minimal transaction amount in Bitcoin: None Minimal transaction amount in Litecoin: None Maximum transaction amount: Unlimited

Second Phase: ICO

Start date: February 2018 End date: March 2018

Movement App ICO token sale cap: 10'000'000 MOVE Currency accepted: ETH, BTC, LTC Token exchange rate: 1ETH = 600 MOVE Minimal transaction amount in Ethereum: 0.1ETH Minimal transaction amount in Bitcoin: None Minimal transaction amount in Litecoin: None Maximum transaction amount: Unlimited Bonuses: Week 1: bonus +20%

24



Week 2: bonus +10% Week 3: bonus +5% MOVE tokens will be instantly send to your private Ethereum ERC-20 compatible wallet after the transaction is well received and confirmed by the smart-contract.

Token Distribution

Unsold tokens and trading

If the sale ends without selling the full amount of 13'072'000 MOVE, after First & Second phases of the Token Sale, any remaining token will be burnt. There won't be any additional deployment of tokens. The number of 21'172'000 MOVE is constant and could not be changed. It is controlled by smart-contract.

25



MOVE Tokens will be available for trading after a few days the crowdsale ends. Marketplaces will be announced within 14 days after crowdsale.

Use of Contributed Funds:

Future Outlook

By performing a deep Marketing and Technical research, our team came to a conclusion that the Movement App has a potential to get over 1mil. downloads by the end of the second quarter of 2018. By creating the unique economic system, we become the first project to occupy the niche of mobile Apps on blockchain technology which gives the ability to monetize everyday life. This fact demonstrates a great potential of the platform.

26



Team

Martin Holt Founder & CEO

https://www.linkedin.com/in/mholt-movement A nerd, a dreamer, currently an entrepreneur, and a strong enthusiast of everything techy. Martin is a Founder and CEO of Movement App. He believes that we are entering a new, completely decentralized and digitalized time. The evolution of blockchain technology brought up numerous opportunities for various markets, especially the market of smart watches/bands and tokenizing physical activity.

Robert Hawkins Co-founder & CTO

https://www.linkedin.com/in/rhawkins-movement Robert is a senior software engineer in LA area who's currently working on his personal decentralized project called Movement App. He has a huge experience in customer success management, building & maintaining communication workflows and marketing automation. Interested in data science, machine learning, and blockchain applications.

James Latham Engineering Lead

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jlatham-movement Has been doing software engineering since early 2000s, building a strong skill set in embedded and mobile systems. Later, he decided to take a managing path and started managing software engineering teams in some of the big companies. Currently James is very excited about the world of cryptocurrency and decentralized mobile solutions. As of now, he is working on the project that is called Movement App.

John Yates Web Developer

https://www.linkedin.com/in/jyates-movement John is an ambitious web developer who is more inclined towards the business side of running a company. He is an early Ethereum investor and a huge cryptofan. Currently participating in creating a decentralized sports app called Movement App.

27



