White paper

September 2017



Table of contents

1. Abstract.......................................................................................................... 2 2. Introduction ................................................................................................... 3 3. Problem ......................................................................................................... 4 4. ICO Structure.................................................................................................. 6 5. Multibot Roadmap ..................................................................................... 8 6. Technologies .................................................................................................. 9 7. Tools ............................................................................................................ 11 8. Tariffs ........................................................................................................... 16

1



Abstract

Multibot platform is aimed at solving the problem of user interaction with cryptocurrency exchanges and continuous monitoring of the market, at the maximum number of trading platforms. Based on and using the advantages of the SaaS model, the platform is designed to lower the threshold of entry into the exchange trade in cryptocurrencies. Automated tools that do not require installation, with an intuitive interface and working 24/7 in the web-cloud will provide protection and capital turnover, eliminate manual labor and take advantage of the volatility of the cryptocurrency for profit. Unlike other existing tools, it accumulates a maximum set of tools and services. The platform allows you to start using a few simple steps, regardless of the availability of hardware and other software, since it is available from anywhere in the world, with predefined settings and tools for successfully solving the main tasks.

2



Introduction

The market of cryptocurrency is very young, since the opening of the first trading platform in 20101 and for the whole history of its development was characterized by high volatility and lack of any stability. The market of cryptocurrency is one of the fastest growing markets to date. The audience involved and the Bitcoin exchange rate increase exponentially2. But with all the advantages of decentralized payment systems, we still need certain centers of interaction between users for selling, buying or exchanging currencies. We need this because we do not have enough liquidity of the cryptocurrency and because of technical and organizational problems of creating decentralized trading platforms. High volatility sets its own specifics of working with cryptocurrencies. While ordinary payment systems exchange occurs through exchange offices, there are very few exchange offices for the exchange of cryptocurrencies. Of the existing today, these are mainly exchange offices for exchanging cryptocurrencies for classical currencies. The main turnover of cryptocurrency is on the trading platforms. All this puts users in dependence on the availability of such trading platforms, and forces them to rely on their honesty, efficiency and professionalism. Any user who encounters cryptocurrencies, notices certain limitations in the possibilities of trading platforms. Insufficient functionality and the lack of a notification system force users to use various solutions to automate these processes. A huge variety of tools for different platforms and with a limited number of supported exchanges does not solve all the tasks and forces users to limit themselves to operating functionality or use several tools from different developers, which carries technical difficulties and additional costs.

1 Year of launch of the first cryptocurrency trading platform MtGox 2 According to Blockchain.info

3



Problem

Strong volatility of cryptocurrencies rates leads to losses of investments and the capital or to the missed profit. In most cases, such sharp and rapid fluctuations of the rate put the owners of cryptocurrency funds before the fact of the changes that have occurred. Many of them do not have time to react, since it is impossible to monitor the situation 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

The decrease of the exchange rate of Bitcoin to the US dollar by 15% for several hours with numerous corrections 3

The growth rate of Ethereum to Bitcoin is 10% for one hour with correction 3 Data from the cryptocurrency exchange platform Poloniex

4



During August 2017, the change in the Bitcoin rate to the US dollar averaged 4% per day4. At the same time, on some days, the rate changes were 10% higher. The total change in the rate for the month is 10%, with the difference between the maximum rate during the month and the minimum over 30%.

4 According to the website of Investing.com

5



ICO Structure

Multibot collects funds for the launch, promotion and development of the platform. For this purpose, Multibot (MBT) investment tokens, corresponding to the ERC20 standard5, have been issued and are a smart contract based on the Ethereum platform6. The platform will ensure the storage of collected funds and the disposal of them as necessary.

Name of the token: token MBT - shared smart contract Multibot. Token Multibot grants the right to share in the platform's profits. The share of 50% of the platform's profit is distributed to all active tokens.

Payout procedure: After the start of the platform, at the end of each quarter, 50% of the distributed profit is transferred to the Ethereum (ETH) purse, after which the ETH is distributed among holders of MBT tokens in accordance with the data of the smart contract (according to the percentage of tokens of their total number).

Initial value of the token: When a smart contract is published on the Etherum network, the initial value of tokens is set at 25,000,000 MBT. Unsold tokens, at the end of the ICO will be destroyed.

Original price: The cost of one token is set at $1 per token.

Token distribution:  Users: 95%  Founders: 3%  Bounty Company: 2%

5 ERC20 Token Standard - https://theethereum.wiki/w/index.php/ERC20_Token_Standard 6 https://ethereum.org/

6



Bonuses:  Day 1-2: 25% bonus tokens  Day 3-7: 20% bonus tokens  Week 2: 15% bonus tokens  Week 3: 10% bonus tokens  Week 4: 5% bonus tokens  Week 5: 0% bonus tokens

Bounty program:  Advertising campaign in Facebook: 10% of the bonus tokens  Advertising campaign in Tweeter: 10% of the bonus tokens  Advertising campaign in the forums: 20% of the bonus tokens  Multibot support in discussions: 15% of the bonus tokens  For special support: 35% of the bonus tokens

7



Multibot Roadmap

The project is in a pre-release condition, with partially realized instruments and coverage of several platforms (Poloniex, Bitfinex, Bittrex, Wex (formerly BTC)). Since the project provides many ideas, and is aimed at maximum coverage of exchanges, we will gradually expand and enhance the platform's capabilities according to our Roadmap. Below you can find a step-by-step plan that covers the main points of future opportunities. Each point is conceived as an enhancement of the capabilities of the platform and will be expanded and supplemented as it is implemented based on the market situation and the wishes of users. All points of the roadmap will be implemented with time, regardless of the results.

The main priority in the development of the Multibot platform is the safety of user's funds. Serious attention is planned to be given to checking the operation of tools and data security. All tools and the platform will be tested for a long time with the involvement of security specialists in computer systems. Additional functionality to prepare for the release requires closed testing, after which investors and subscribers will receive priority early access to new features.

8



Technologies

Cloud technologies The platform is based on various technologies for the implementation of all the tasks set, but the basis of the project is cloud technologies. The web-cloud allows you to quickly deploy any number of small isolated instances with a dedicated IP address, which is especially important for working with exchanges that limit the number of requests from one IP address. It is equally important to ensure the stable operation of the system as a whole, cloud technologies allow you to isolate web applications, providing full functionality for their operation.

9



Development Each newly developed tool or algorithm requires careful testing in various situations. Each stage should be subjected to stress tests in real and simulated situations. The new functionality will be published for a limited control group of users, to evaluate the effectiveness and relevance. It requires a constant analysis of the use of platform functions, and the processing of the system of interaction with users to highlight the main points, so as not to overload the platform with unnecessary and little-used tools. All tools and parts of the platform should be available with a minimum response time and transfer data in a compact form for fast downloading. To eliminate the scarcity of resources, a reserve of capacities with a multiple reserve will be laid, and overselling is categorically excluded.

Security Multibot closed development and information about the real infrastructure, location of the equipment, real IP addresses, source code and list of solutions used are not published for security reasons. There is no direct access to instances in the cloud, all interaction between platform users and instances takes place only through specialized interfaces that redirect tasks to the cloud through an API of their own design. The geographical location of the cloud center in Europe, as the project develops, it is possible to use the date centers in other regions.

10



Tools

Analytics Obtaining operational information is an important task for each owner of cryptocurrency. Unlike the market of ordinary currencies, where the determination of the exchange rate is actually in one Forex market, the market of cryptocurrency is not uniform and the rate on different exchanges may differ by more than 10% at one time. This situation is quite common. Multibot analytics is designed to promptly and comprehensively inform the user about the situation on the market. Flexibly customizable interface allows you to focus the system on user-specific exchanges and currencies, as well as to fully monitor the dynamics of the exchange rate for each exchange and in general, tracking the volume of trading, a report on the capitalization of currencies, compile summary statistics of selected currency rates and much more.

11



Signals Signals are a tool for informing users who are subscribed to notifications about sudden changes in rates and volumes of crypto-currencies or significant events that affect them. It is planned to use several types of signals, standard ones released automatically based on calculations of the Multibot analytics software module, manually sent by the team of the news aggregation department and assessing their significance, as well as user signals that they can customize for events with their own parameters. Various information channels such as push notifications, email, mobile messengers, phone and SMS will be available.

12



Automatic sale and buy A set of automatic actions for the purchase, sale and dispatch of cryptocurrency when the conditions specified by the user occur. Automation of routine manual actions for placing orders for purchase and sale on the stock exchange with specified parameters. On some platforms, there is a partial execution of orders when a certain event occurs. For example, Stop-limit orders7 on the Poloniex exchange, but there is no such function on the Wex.nz8 exchange (formerly BTC-e).

We will develop this idea with the maximum number of conditions for verifying the onset of events and the possibility of their combination. It is planned:  Buy / Sale when a certain price of the token is reached  Buy / Sale when the price changes by more than X during the Y period  Buy / Sale when balance is available or balance greater than X  Withdrawal when balance is available or balance greater than X

7 https://poloniex.com/support/stopLimitOrders/ 8 https://wex.nz/

13



Arbitrage The divergence of courses on trading platforms allows you to profit from the purchase and sale of tokens on different platforms. Slow withdraw, slow transaction enrollment, transaction delays, significantly different interface exchanges and the need to work with each of them in their window, significantly complicate this process. And, if a slow transfer of funds can be bypassed, having an active balance on each exchange, then it is impossible to get rid of a lot of windows without using third-party tools. The principle of "one window" in Multibot will help to solve this problem, simplify and improve the efficiency of arbitrage operations. Quick navigation on available tokens, panels with information on balance, token rate, calculated course divergence, direction of movement of the rate for the selected period, the ability to send a command to issue a warrant of sale, as well as notification of the set conditions, will open a new look at operations arbitrage between exchanges.

14



Trading bot Our platform will be a fully autonomous robot that executes cyclical sales transactions on exchanges with a given algorithm in order to turn funds around and make a profit. All algorithms boil down to two principles: buy cheaper and sell more expensive, or sell more expensive and buy less. The tasks are successfully solved by timetested strategies. To maximize profit, it is possible to use machine learning to select the best selling point. The most effective method is the symbiosis of these methods, when the time of launching the next cycle and the strategy used selects a neural network based on the accumulated experience.

The ATM system will be multi-tasking and will be able to work simultaneously with different pairs on different platforms.

15



Tariffs

Free tariff A conditional free model9 is projected to be the most popular product by means of which you can familiarize yourself with the system's capabilities and motivate users to switch to paid tariffs. Also, this model excludes the loss of a large part of the audience, which requires the solution of minor problems or their rare implementation. Monetization of the service for this model consists in displaying ad units on the interface pages and selling small paid functions. The tariff will have significant limitations on the number of simultaneously performed tasks, limiting the frequency of requests to exchanges, small limitations of functionality and low priority of technical support with limited communication channels. Tasks will be distributed evenly over specially allocated instances in the cloud without the possibility of excluding the work of other users on this instance.

Paid tariffs Tariff, intended for users who constantly work with exchanges and cryptocurrency. Without ads, without limits to the functionality and frequency of requests, with early access to new functions, with a dedicated instance in the cloud and dedicated IP addresses. This tariff will provide for priority technical support. Subsequently, it is possible to divide the tariff scale into several tariffs, depending on the needs of users in the number of simultaneously performed tasks.

Customized Solutions In the future, it will be possible to create individual solutions for professional market participants with platform-independent running software on separate equipment.

9 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Adware

16



