mytime

White Paper 11.1

A blockchain platform to turn time and data into cryptocurrency

English version December 22, 2017 mytc.io



Contents



1. Abstract



3



Intro



3



Challenge and solution



4



Nota bene



6



2. mytime overview



7



Platform



7



Blockchain and data storage



9



Computer networks and consensus algorithm



9



Data trading



10



Data storage format



12



3. mytime platform integration



13



How it works for users



14



How it works for services



14



How it works for buyers



15



Machine learning



15



4. Important notes



16



5. Platform use cases



17



Retail



17



Computer games



17



Taxi



18



Media



19



6. Token economy



20



7. Peers



21



Ocean Protocol



21



Datum



21



BitClave



22



Fysical



23



8. mytime's development



24



Provisional mytime Roadmap



24



mytime's future



27



9. Team



28



Founders



29



Experts



29



10. Disclaimer



32



11. Project risks



34



2



1. Abstract

1.1. Intro

Every minute of one's life has a value. Whatever one does, be it working, playing computer games, or enjoying a rest, there is always somebody interested to know how one spends every single moment of their life, because this knowledge delivers benefits.

In this paper, we present the mytime platform, devised to turn into cryptocurrency people's time and data about their activities at each point of life.

To this end, we are elaborating a smart twofold solution, providing for a marketplace where customer data can be traded directly by businesses, and enabling businesses to launch loyalty programmes, to widely promote and popularize cryptocurrency.

Companies whose services are integrated with mytime will be able to reward users for the time spent on their services with mytimecoin (MYTC), a convertible cryptocurrency.

To compensate for the funds allocated to user rewards, companies will have an opportunity to sell their customer behaviour data to other businesses. Data can be sold repeatedly, thereby allowing for offsetting the costs and earning income even on those customers who quit using the product.

With mytime, businesses will enjoy access to a global data marketplace, to directly trade user behaviour data with each other.

Customer behaviour data will make it possible for businesses to develop a customer-tailored approach, hence, attract and retain every single customer.

Data encryption and distribution mechanisms are defined by the protocol and allow for multiple data sales.

3



1.2. Challenge and solution

Our platform addresses three challenges:  Loyalty programmes failing to deliver experiences that matter to users.  Scattered data market lacking transparency and dominated by giant

corporations.  High entrance barriers to the cryptomarket for the general public.

1.2.1. Underperforming loyalty programmes

Loyalty programmes are often not practical for users because there is a conflict of interest between customers and businesses:  Customers would like to widen their loyalty point spendings beyond

the products of a particular company.  Businesses are targeted at the whole customer wallet, thereby allowing

customers to spend loyalty points on their products exclusively.

Businesses are reluctant to integrate with global loyalty programmes to avoid losing their customers. The first question any company would ask when approached with a proposal to integrate its programme with other services is "Why are we supposed to share our customers?"

This conflict can be resolved by providing ample monetization opportunities to the audience. As a result, a higher return on a customer and the possibility to continuously gain income from each customer, including those who leave services, will draw businesses into our platform.

1.2.2. Inadequate data market

Today's data market has room for improvement, being challenged by the following factors:

4



 Scattered data: the current market has neither a common platform to exchange data nor a unified data exchange format.

 Lack of trust in data: there is no mechanism to verify the accuracy and relevance of data.

 Market concentration: data trading is held in the hands of majors and monopolies.

We are creating a unified decentralized global platform to store, exchange and trade user data. Blockchain technology will help build transparent pricing mechanisms, as well as secure data quality and relevance.

1.2.3. General public as a cryptomarket outsider

It takes quite an effort for a common user to find way to the cryptomarket. To create a wallet, convert fiat money into cryptocurrency and start transacting, one needs to study and process piles of information, going through the ten circles of hell.

Furthermore, the existing blockchain based solutions encouraging users to become true masters of their data and start selling it, require changing their routine behaviour on services. For instance, installing a new browser or an application replacing the ones users are accustomed to.

For a smooth immersion into the world of cryptocurrency, we suggest the following solutions:

 We distribute mytime through commonly used services integrated with our platform:

 A user opens a favourite website, a platform or an application -- for instance, a gaming or video streaming service.

 At a certain moment a notification pops up, saying a service is happy to see a user among its customers, thereby granting mytimecoins as a reward for that. All a user needs is to create a mytime wallet.

5



 A user creates a mytime wallet and comes into possession of the cryptocurrency.

 We seek to create a user friendly interface for quick and easy wallet management.

 We are focused on integrating payment gateways for highly transparent and convenient user transactions.

While being primarily an infrastructure solution for businesses, our platform is called mytime since we aim to maximize the efficiency of time for individuals.

1.3. Nota bene

mytime stands out among its peers by immersing the mass audience into the world of cryptocurrency through commonly used services, rather than new applications distributed among customers. This is an essential advantage, ensuring a wide audience coverage and mytimecoin's robust growth.

6



2. mytime overview

2.1. Platform

The mytime platform is an infrastructure solution for a variety of businesses and services. Our platform offers the following benefits to businesses:  a loyalty programme where users are rewarded with mytimecoin (MYTC).  a platform to collect and store user data, including behaviour data.  a service for multiple peer-to-peer data sales to all kinds of businesses

and services. The diagram below shows the platform's interaction flow:  Users interact with services run by businesses.  Businesses reward users with cryptocoins.  Businesses keep records of user activities on their services,

on the blockchain.  Businesses arrange peer-to-peer data sales to other companies.



User



Time & Data MYTC



Business data seller



Data MYTC



mytime



Data MYTC



Business data buyer



The platform is underpinned by a blockchain and a decentralized data storage.  Blockchain ensures the transparency of user histories.  A decentralized data storage accumulates vast volumes of encrypted user

behaviour data.

7



Data Storage + B2B Data Marketplace

Data



Business Data seller



MYTC



MYTC



MYTC



Data



Data



Data



Time & Data



MYTC



Other DMP



mytime DMP



Record in Blockchain



$ Data



$ Data



Time & Data

User



MYTC

Wallet



Business Data buyer



Businesses reward users for elapsed time and performing relevant actions on their services. This data is lodged on the blockchain. Data analytics companies buy data to compile user behaviour profiles, enhance targeted advertising, build action prediction algorithms, learn neural networks and artificial intelligence algorithms.

Proceeds from data sales are distributed between businesses (data owners) and service users (data producers). The distribution share is decided by services.

All payments going through the mytime platform are made in the internal cryptocurrency -- mytimecoin (MYTC). Coins are stored in personal wallets with unique IDs. Each user holds a wallet.

The following tools are contemplated to enrich the platform's functionality and for quick market penetration:

 A basic customer application with a wallet to receive loyalty points from services. A wallet comes with fiat and exchange gateways to convert MYTC in any currency.



8



 B2B Data Marketplace, where accumulated data can be put onto an exchange for trading with other companies, advertising agencies, and platforms.

 DMP (Data Management Platform) -- a multifunctional platform to manage data, allowing for structuring, segmenting and analysing enormous data arrays. mytime DMP buys data from services in exchange for MYTC, and sells analysed data to other companies for MYTC or fiat currencies.

 Customer Prediction Platform -- a tool to predict users' actions based on behaviour data.

2.2. Blockchain and data storage

Blockchain on the mytime platform, serves to record user actions performed on various services. It also ensures transparent payments between users and businesses when buying and selling data.

Services make records on the blockchain containing user wallet ID, user reward amounts, and links to user data collected in the course of interaction. Information about user actions and time spent on services is kept in an encrypted way on the decentralized storages. Keys to encrypted data are held by the respective data collecting services, who may utilise data to their own liking. Data may also be sold to third parties, in which case a service transfers the data decryption key to a buyer in exchange for MYTC.

2.3. Computer networks and consensus algorithm

The platform's functioning, payments, block storage, and encryption are facilitated by computing nodes. A special software devised for the mytime project to be installed on user machines is called a node. Nodes are connected to each other via a peer-to-peer network and are constantly exchanging new information. Each node contains a complete copy of the ordered sequence of events on the blockchain.

9



Each network member may become a validating node to engage in block validation. To this effect, it shall broadcast a special transaction (request) to the network, backed by a deposit on its account, to secure from misconduct. Validators for a subsequent block are selected from a list of requests in a pseudorandom way, with due regard to deposits and votes of other network members.

Blockchain consistency is achieved via BFT (Byzantine Fault Tolerance) consensus between validating nodes, varying from block to block as required by the network protocol. Validating nodes that miss block voting or are designated as abusers by consensus are penalized -- being deprived of the deposit made when requesting for a validator role. Nodes participating in the consensus share the reward for new block production and related transaction fees.

Each user's wallet/account is identified with a public key, in other words, has its unique ID. Balances on user wallets may change in the course of transactions. Nodes transfer transaction data to other nodes, provided that transactions have been cryptographically signed and broadcast by a network user. A transaction is deemed correct (valid) if it fully satisfies the conditions of mytime's computer network.

2.4. Data trading

Services integrated with mytime and collecting data of their users, can benefit by selling this data through the mytime platform. Businesses willing to buy data can use the B2B Marketplace interface for this purpose.

Parties to a deal make mutual agreements following the protocol. The outcome of the deal and MYTC transfers are lodged on the platform's blockchain, which also serves to resolve conflicts if any. The transaction time is minimized being an advantage for sellers and buyers.

Data trading can be presented as a set of transactions. Transaction algorithms are meant to encourage all parties to perform the required actions and avoid breaking the protocol.

10



1 User Data



Blockchain Record in Blockchain Record in Blockchain



Business Data seller



Intention 3



4



Data



6 MYTC



Record in Blockchain



Deposit MYTC 2

Business Data buyer

Confirm 5



Data trading diagram

1. A seller (data owning service) publishes a transaction on the blockchain giving access to an encrypted user history. This transaction contains the user wallet ID (unique impersonal identifier), user reward amount, data price, and contact URL.

2. A buyer places a deposit on the blockchain sufficient to purchase data. After a certain number of blocks, deposits cannot be refunded.

3. A buyer contacts a seller using the respective URL to send the latter an agreement of intent to purchase data, signed with its private key.

4. A seller checks the deposit is available on the buyer's account and transfers the requested data to a buyer.

5. A buyer publishes a completed purchase transaction on the blockchain.

6. The funds are transferred from the deposit to the seller's and user's accounts (users get a commission once their data is sold).

7. If a buyer fails to publish a completed purchase transaction within a certain number of blocks, and a seller consequently fails to receive a payment, the latter may publish an agreement of intent signed by a buyer on the blockchain. In this case, the purchase amount is debited from the buyer's deposit.

11



For a seller it would be unwise not to transfer the data, because it will not receive the funds frozen on the buyer's account, until the latter confirms the receipt of data. Likewise, it would be unwise for a buyer not to confirm the completed purchase, because the funds are already frozen. To protect against fraud, data sellers and buyers shall get themselves deanonymized. To be eligible to buy and sell data, parties need to disclose information about themselves. Aside from transactions related to data trading and user rewards, mytime's blockchain provides for transactions enabling direct wallet-to-wallet MYTC transfers, and validator selection when producing a new block. Further down the line, the mytime platform will support smart contracts for more complex data transactions.

2.5. Data storage format

To promote standardized data storage, we are developing a unified data format and structuring recommendations. Data coming from diverse business verticals may differ significantly, therefore we provide for a most flexible solution from the start. We are developing an event-time format for behaviour data, describing customer actions on a service, correlated with time and transactions. We are going to elaborate specifications for each business vertical once they join the platform.

12



3. mytime platform integration

mytime is an open platform. Any independent developer can launch its own service based on the mytime platform, or integrate an existing one.

The following tools are contemplated for developers to create, integrate, and launch new services:

 API for interaction with the mytime blockchain. Any service can join the platform to implement a loyalty tool and garner user data.

 API for integration with crypto exchanges and trading MYTC for other cryptocurrencies. The platform can be integrated with any system, having its own financial gateways between the MYTC cryptocurrency and other cryptocurrencies or fiat currencies.

 API for integration of companies consuming Big Data. Any data processing system can join the platform, to purchase information about users of various services from the platform participants.



mytime platform



Blockchain API



API for DATA Consumers



Exchange API



Business Business Business Business Business Business Exchanges



mytime integration



13



3.1. How it works for users

Once services are connected to the mytime platform, they may start rewarding users with MYTC for the produced data and invested time. To get rewarded, users only need a mytime wallet, that they can create by themselves or with help of a service. Users won't have to install any additional software or perform other special actions.

Personal or corporate data is worth big money. Facebook, Google and other giant corporations have long been gathering and utilising information about their users. mytime gives an opportunity for any company to monetize the amassed data and distribute part of the proceeds among their users.

Users may be rewarded once their data is sold to third parties, provided that such a condition is agreed on between a user and a service. Users may get rewarded with each subsequent sale of their data. This way, they will be highly motivated to provide their data to services integrated with mytime.

3.2. How it works for services

mytime operates in any country, making it easy for services to join the platform irrespective of their location or legal residence.

Integrated services may use the platform to build a global loyalty programme, that is, reward users with MYTC for the time and activities on their sites. How to track user time and actions, as well as the amount of user rewards in MYTC is decided by service owners.

Businesses may gather information about the time users interact with their services, as well as about user behaviour such as activities on social networks and media, mobile application data, portable electronics data, smart home and smart cars datasets, other IoT devices, and the like. Services earn on selling data of each user. A user-service interaction history is important data, giving insight to the audience preferences, used in targeted advertising and functionality development. Data rise in value when garnered from multiple sources and used to compile comprehensive user profiles with help of mytime tools.

The mytime platform enables services to sell their data on the B2B Data Marketplace, underpinned by the blockchain.

14



3.3. How it works for buyers

Information has long been traded by data brokers pulling all kinds of personal data from miscellaneous sources. mytime is implementing an alternative solution to equip businesses with quality and complete data, reliable sources, a global data trading platform, and a secure process flow.

The mytime platform will have a B2B Data Marketplace, where accumulated data can be traded for MYTC. Buyers may select the required data and make purchase requests for any amount of data directly to services. Likewise, buyers may use the services provided by mytime DMP to buy segmented data, insight reports, or otherwise processed data for MYTC.



mytime platform

mytime Data



Data



B2B data market place interface



Data



DMP DSP SSP



Processed Data Processed Data Processed Data



Business Data buyer



3.4. Machine learning

Prior to making payments to users, services register their actions on the blockchain. Records assigned to a particular mytime wallet ID generate a complete user behaviour profile. Users are rewarded for relevant (target) actions. Such user profiles are a valuable piece of information for machine learning experts. The mytime platform solves one of the biggest ML challenges -- raw data processing, providing access to structured and segmented user data, without any additional processing needed.



15



4. Important notes

The mytime platform suggests that services and businesses should note the following rules while interacting with users and trading user data:  We don't determine the amount of time spent by individuals on a service

and activities they are engaged in. This function remains with a service. Businesses have already learned how to track user time -- a lot of tools have been invented to serve this purpose. What we do is register payments made for the elapsed time and performed actions, and let businesses use this information.  We won't have our own bot tracking system for online services -- services have learned how to quite accurately distinguish bots from real people among their audience.  We don't propose any ready-made economic models for businesses. We provide a tool to build a loyalty system, collect and sell customer behaviour data.

16



5. Platform use cases

mytime allows for any contractual relations, where one platform participant is willing to buy the time and actions of another one. mytime is a business solution to digitize time and convert it into a liquid asset. Below we provide some use cases as an illustration.

5.1. Retail

Most stores offer their own loyalty programmes or support coalition ones. mytime is a global loyalty programme. Accounts within the platform can be used in any country and this can be quite a benefit for frequent travellers. Imagine you can spend loyalty points in MYTC granted for a coffee bought in Moscow on goods at a South Korean electronic store.

Stores can easily integrate with the platform irrespective of their location and legal residence. In addition to using mytime as a loyalty tool, retailers can collect and sell their customer data. Customer-retailer interaction histories present a high value. When analysed, they help predict what goods, where and when will be purchased. With access to reliable histories and applying mytime's analytical tools, one can make timely and perfectly targeted offers to potential buyers. Data of active users frequenting sites and services connected to mytime deliver more benefits.

5.2. Computer games

Computer and mobile game developers engage new players through vivid and inviting scenarios, eye-catching design, user-friendly interface, and an abundance of in-game bonuses. However, a big heterogeneous audience is difficult to retain. Everyone has their own preferences -- what enthralls one person may irritate another.

Integration with the mytime platform allows buying user data and, among other things, tracking how purchases are prompted in peer games. With this

17



knowledge, inviting scenarios can be developed dynamically to precisely reflect preferences of each particular user. It gives ample opportunities to personalize gameplay.

What is more, gaming sites can utilise the platform as a global loyalty programme to extend user lifetime, which is now a hard-winning task due to a big number of games and negative player attitude towards Free-to-Play* games perceived as disguised Pay-to-Win**.

Services incentivize users to spend certain time in a game or perform relevant actions by transferring MYTC to their wallets. Users get MYTC for merely playing a game, as extra bonus points. MYTC can be spent, inter alia, on non-gaming services.

Game developers can earn by selling players' behaviour data. User time and actions performed in a game can be used to predict user behaviour in similar scenarios. With mytime, customer behaviour data can be sold on our B2B Data Marketplace. Tracked user actions are sought after by other gaming companies, same as with electronic stores, gaming media, and other businesses.

5.3. Taxi

There are dozens of taxi aggregators of all kinds. Users select taxi services based on previous experience and price, and these comparisons can be made in a few clicks. This makes it difficult for taxi companies to retain customers and win their loyalty -- any clumsy ride is followed by a negative post on social networks.

With mytime, taxi services can implement a most fair cashback system by paying customers for their time on a ride. Users can be compensated with MYTC if a ride drags on because of the driver or heavy traffic. Users can also get MYTC as a bonus for a long waiting time. This way, users get less irritated by long trips. Monetary incentives encourage users to go for a particular service, leaving behind numerous peers.

* Free-to-Play -- a business model promoting computer games free-of-charge for players. ** Pay-to-Win -- a Free-to-Play sub-model where advancement is hardly possible without contributions.

18



Aside from using mytime as a global loyalty programme, taxi services can gather and sell user data. User trip histories showing frequent destinations, travel time and car preferences find a ready market with stores, restaurants, bars, and other businesses. Tracked user history coupled with mytime's analytical tools, helps develop perfectly timed and targeted personal offers.

5.4. Media

Audience attraction and retention is as difficult as it has ever been for media, due to competition from new publishers, social networks, and independent bloggers. Notably, publishers need a stable, high-quality audience in order to successfully fulfil their advertising contracts. With mytime, publishers can buy time and attention of the target audience, as well as pay royalties to content authors for user reading/viewing time. By motivating their audience, media attract more advertisers, while readers are encouraged via MYTC to read more and to the end. Hence, the viewing time climbs and the number of views grows. Media can also collect and sell user behaviour data. Such data as viewing duration and lifetime, viewing preferences, advertising responses and clicks, especially when enriched with data from other mytime sources, forms a most accurate customer behaviour profile. The mytime platform offers tools to generate user profiles based on various sources, as well as a handy B2B platform for trading this data.

19



6. Token economy

MYTC (mytimecoin) is a payment unit within the mytime platform. All payments between the platform's participants are made in MYTC.



Process Rewarding users



Role

Data collection, remuneration



Buying data



Data exchange



Notes

Rewarding users with MYTC for the time interacted with services

Buying data in exchange for MYTC



Companies reward users for the time spent on their services, lodging user behavior data on the mytime platform for further sale.

Companies willing to buy user data make payments in MYTC. Proceeds from data sales are shared between services and a users.



20



7. Peers

7.1. Ocean Protocol

A decentralized data exchange protocol.

The protocol provides the underlying technical foundation that data marketplaces need to connect data providers with data consumers in a trusted environment. It lets providers monetize their data in a trans-parent way, while consumers get access to extensive information they can use in research.

Any data owners can act as providers, whereas the key consumers will be highly specialized technology companies (data science, Big Data, business intelligence, artificial intelligence).

The platform aims to motivate people to share information about themselves.

However, it lacks a detailed and profound description of how particularly data providers will be rewarded, commonly serving as a key motivator.

Besides, given the platform's technical specifics the accumulated data has limited application, mainly targeted at artificial intelligence learning and Big Data research. For this reason, providers are likely to have lower rewards as compared with the projects supplying data for advertising and marketing needs.

7.2. Datum

A decentralized ecosystem designed to manage data.

The platform aggregates information about people's activities on the web, mobile application and portable electronics data, smart home and smart cars datasets, and other IoT devices. Information is uploaded from user devices at regular intervals, encrypted and forwarded to the decentralized storage. Then users themselves decide how to manage their data, be it digital storing, or selling on a special trading platform in anonymized form.

21



To start working with Datum, users are expected to connect their devices to the platform's network, as well as to pay a fee in DAT tokens for data storage. Data transfer is semi-automated requiring extra effort from users. Besides, they are charged a fee for joining the platform. The said raises high barriers for users.

Further, data sales and transfers need personal approval from users. Hence, users are constantly involved in data exchange routines. As a result, they get smaller rewards and the system faces a limited information inflow.

Datum cannot aggregate data for advertising purposes, which creates an irregular demand for data, affecting the amount of user remuneration.

7.3. BitClave

A decentralized search engine.

Acting as a search client, the system lets users be compensated for providing access to their personal data without intermediaries. Data is disclosed selectively by users to the extent needed for searching. To get access to this data, businesses pay users in BitClave tokens.

To join the platform, users need install a new browser, having to change their preferences and habits. Furthermore, given the high competition in this segment and the existence of such colossi as Google, Mozilla, Opera, Safari, the system is unlikely to become the first customer choice.

The platform's obvious drawback is a limited range of collected information. As a search client, BitClave aggregates users' web behaviour data. However, apart from search data, there are huge data arrays stored in corporate CRM systems and on personal IoT devices, and the like. Thus, the existing solution has limited the number of data consumers out of the gate, it immediately affecting potential benefits to data providers.

Users are rewarded for their data only when approached by companies for a commercial offer. It means that users who are not planning to buy anything at a certain moment won't be granted any tokens since their data isn't sought by anyone.

22



7.4. Fysical

A decentralized location data market. The system lets data providers monetize information related to their location. It also furnishes buyers with a tool to acquire and verify data and its sources in a transparent way. The solution is designed for specific tasks and thereby cannot act as a global infrastructure for collecting and exchanging data.

23



8. mytime's development

8.1. Provisional mytime Roadmap Q1 2017

Conceive the idea for mytime Define the value of transforming time into MYTC Undertake market analysis Study the possibilities of using blockchain in various industries related to time mechanics

Q2 2017

Build the mytime team Establish the core mytime project competencies Identify mytime value for the market Test the mytime solution on a large number of businesses Plan the mytime ecosystem infrastructure Take the key decisions on mytime's ecosystem architecture

24



Q3 2017

Negotiate with advertising companies and online communities Reach preliminary agreements with major market players Launch the project website mytc.io

Q4 2017

Public relations Broad media coverage of the project Conclude agreements with businesses on mytime integration

Q1 2018

Publish the source code on GitHub Launch the PBFT (PoA) network Launch a lightweight wallet Promote the mytime brand Enter into integration agreements with 5 companies Launch token sale as from March 24th*

* The token sale procedure, incl. terms and conditions, will be detailed later. Follow the site updates.

25



Q2 2018

Implement a node API for popular programming languages Launch lightweight wallets for iOS and Android Launch first service integrations

Q3 2018

Implement smart contracts Integrate a lightweight wallet with centralized processes

Q4 2018

Transfer from PBFT to BFT/PoS. Network decentralization

2019

Launch a B2B Data Marketplace Data reselling based on smart contracts Integration with lead industries Implement out-of-the-box and mass-market solutions

2019

Execution of data processing algorithms on the nodes. Data reselling based on smart contracts combined with the algorithms for data processing. Scaling-up and expansion

26



8.2. mytime's future

An open data platform unlocks ample opportunities for businesses. We see two prospective ways in developing our platform:  Analytics fueled by data from diverse business verticals. Open and

available data garnered from multiple industries, has a great potential in enhancing customer relationship efficiency. A common open platform and a unified data exchange format will enable a quantum leap in approaching user data.  Executing data analysis algorithms within smart contracts on the network of nodes. Data analysis function embedded into smart contracts will maximize the transparency of transactions and allow for secure multiple data trading.

27



9. mytime Team

9.1. Founders

Eduard Gurinovich Chief Executive Officer  Founder of CarPrice, an online auction for used cars, and CarMoney,

a service for getting loans secured by cars. In two years of CarPrice activity, raised $80m from key industry investors (Baring Vostok, Almaz Capital, Mitsui), opened 50+ offices across Russia, Japan, India, and Brazil. Attracted $10m+ into CarMoney.  IT startup investor in the field of artificial intelligence and robotics.

Alexander Zelenshikov Chief Product Officer  17 years in game development, including Novy Disc, Nival, and Obsidian

Entertainment.  Expert in security and enhancement of customer applications.

Maksim Ploskonosov Chief Marketing Officer  Founder of RMG Group, RoboMarketing (technology companies

integrating the AI, Big Data, ML technologies and AdTech into big brands).  Founder of LPgenerator, a leading landing page designer in the Russian

community.  Professional marketer and crypto investor.

28



9.2. Experts

Aleksey Fomkin Chief Technical Officer  Over 10 years in video game development and team management,

enterprise software and machine learning.  Ex CTO at Data Monsters, a California based ML company.  Speaker, podcaster and informal leader of the Russian community of Scala

developers. Active participant of open source projects.

Sherzod Garipov Software Engineer  10 years in telecom software development and Big Data processing.  Founder of the Datamot open project.

Vasily Pankratov Software Engineer  10 years in banking software development, Big Data processing, robotics,

and artificial intelligence.  Participated in the development of voice assistants and robot servos.

Alex Garkoosha Blockchain Expert  Co-founder of Modern Token and blockchain advisor. Produced his first

smart contract in Serpent in 2014.  Participated in ICO Humaniq, raised $5.2m into the project.

29



Oleg Kobyzev Marketer  12 years in marketing and sales.  Traffic, conversion, and automatic funnels.

Roman Kanunnikov Investor Relations Director  Over 6 years in online and offline sales.  As a Yandex Market team member, liaised with top electronic traders

such as Huawei, Lenovo, MediaMarkt.  Developed the front end of the international multiplayer gaming client

at ShuffleIT (Dutch).

Andrew Kos Designer  UI/UX and web application design.

Alina Tolmacheva Chief Editor  7 years in journalism as the former editor of Cossa, vc.ru, and The Secret

of the Firm.  Expert in creating content about business, marketing, advertising,

and new technologies.

30



Kirill Orlov Editor  10 years in journalism as the chief editor of RBC and TopGear information

projects.  Expert in creating content about new technologies.

Alla Rucheva Translator  12 years in finance, technical, and IT translation.  Headed the translation unit at Nordea Bank Russia. Participated

in the Metropolis mall, Spartak stadium, and Sheremetyevo airport construction projects.

Olga Bushueva Community Manager  5 years in e-commerce: managing the key accounts at Yandex.Money,

Dream Industries, Accentpay.  Building business processes in the mytime team of community managers,

creating a proactive community.

31



10. Disclaimer

The information contained herein may be incomplete. The contents hereof do not suggest any contractual relations, nor are binding to the Company, and may be further changed as the mytime ecosystem is developing.

This White Paper does not contain any investment, legal, tax, regulatory, or other financial recommendations.

This White Paper should not be considered as the only correct, comprehensive information for use in evaluating MYTC transactions.

Nothing in this White Paper should be regarded as a request for investment, nor should it in any way be regarded as an offer to purchase securities in any state jurisdiction.

This document is not subject to any state jurisdiction that prohibits or otherwise restricts cryptocurrency transactions.

Certain statements, assessments, and financial data contained herein constitute hypotheses, rather than factual information.

Given the unidentified risks and other uncertainties associated with the project, its actual performance may differ materially from the forecasts reflected herein.

The Company neither offers nor distributes MYTC nor conducts business in the United States of America, the People's Republic of China, the Republic of Korea, the State of Israel, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Singapore, or other countries and territories where digital token and currency transactions are prohibited or require the Company to be registered or licensed with certain public authorities.

MYTC is not offered, distributed, or otherwise disposed to legal residents or citizens of the United States of America (including all states and the District of Columbia), the People's Republic of China, the Republic of Korea, the State of Israel, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Singapore or other countries or territories where cryptocurrency is prohibited or in any way restricted.

32



Actions taken by such people to acquire MYTC will be regarded as illegal, unauthorized, and fraudulent. Such actions may lead to negative consequences in accordance with laws applicable in a particular jurisdiction. Every potential MYTC holder shall note that this White Paper is presented on the grounds that the reader is authorized to read the document. Each potential holder may independently assess the legality of acquiring and carrying out other operations with MYTC based on the laws and codes applicable in a given jurisdiction, both in the case of buying them from the Company and in the case of reselling them, and carrying out other operations with them. This English White Paper is the official source of information about the MYTC project. In translating this document into other languages, some information may be lost, damaged, or distorted. The accuracy of the translation is not guaranteed. In the event of any inconsistencies or collisions between White Paper translations, this official English version shall prevail. Before participating in the project it is strongly recommended that each prospective participant/holder consult with legal, investment, tax, financial and other advisors in order to gain a better understanding of the risks and to calculate the potential benefits and effects. It is also strongly recommended to read the information below.

33



11. Project risks

Acquiring MYTC comes with a high degree of risk. Multiple factors can have a significant negative impact on the cost of these digital assets, as well as on the entire mytime platform.

The following is a non-exhaustive list of risks and uncertainties that may become reality for MYTC holders.

11.1 MYTC value

11.1.1. Absence of rights, applications areas, functionality and other attributes

MYTC does not grant any rights, has no scope, functionality or features, or other attributes, explicit or implied, including any spheres of use, purpose, functionality, attributes, or features of mytime.

MYTC is not a tool for owning any assets of the Company, nor can it be considered as an intangible asset.

The Company makes no commitments and provides no guarantee to the holders on acquiring any rights through MYTC, or on its application, functionality, attributes, or features.

11.1.2. MYTC market failure

Since there was previously no open market for MYTC, the launch of the project may not lead to the formation of an active or liquid market of MYTC. The market price of MYTC may be volatile.

Despite the projected demand for MYTC, the active market may not form after trading begins, or may cease to develop. As a result, the owner would not be able to perform MYTC operations in a timely fashion.

34



In the worst-case scenario, the market will not form or will cease to exist, and MYTC holders will lose the opportunity to sell the coins.

11.1.3. Speculation The evaluation of cryptocurrencies in the secondary market often lacks transparency. The cost of MYTC can fluctuate greatly within a short period of time.

11.1.4. Depreciation There is a significant risk that a holder of MYTC may lose all their contribution because of depreciation. The Company does not guarantee the value of MYTC, nor predicts its liquidity. The Company is not and shall not be held liable for the market value of MYTC, or its liquidity.

11.1.5. Refund The Company is not obliged to redeem MYTC, or to otherwise refund their holders, for whatever reason. MYTC value is not and will not be guaranteed, including their inherent value. Therefore, the refund of contributions may not be possible. Aside from that, it may be limited by laws and regulations that differ from the laws and regulations applicable to the MYTC holder.

35



11.2. Blockchain and software

11.2.1. Processing of smart contracts In the Bitcoin and Ethereum blockchains, block production can occur at arbitrary times, so there is a risk of untimely performance of smart contracts. The holder should be aware of this and consider its probability. The Bitcoin or Ethereum blockchains may not process a transaction at the exact moment the buyer expects it, and the buyer might not receive MYTC on the same day that it completes the necessary action.

11.2.2. Network overload The Bitcoin and Ethereum networks are subject to congestion, when transactions can be lost or delayed. Individuals and groups can deliberately congest entire networks, trying to gain an advantage.

11.2.3. Functionality None of the properties or the forecasts for the mytime ecosystem set out herein have been tested in practice. Their development may face insurmountable technical obstacles. The mytime platform may fail to operate or may operate in a way different from the initial concept. MYTC may not get their intended functionality. Furthermore, the mytime platform may become obsolete or lose relevance in the course of development or right after launching due to the fast pace of innovations.

36



11.3. Security

11.3.1. Lost private keys MYTC may be stored in a digital wallet or other storage requiring a digital key (or combination of keys). The loss of keys associated with a digital wallet or storage, will result in the loss of access to their balances. Additionally, a third party may get access to the private keys from the holder's wallet or storage, and, consequently, access to the MYTC they contain. The Company is not liable for the losses that this may entail.

11.3.2. mytime infrastructure security Hackers or other bad actors may try to intervene in a smart contract, or otherwise interfere with aspects of how mytime functions. These may include malware attacks, denial-of-service attacks, and other digital disruptions.

11.3.3. Connection of open cryptographic keys In the event that the MYTC holder does not provide access to connect open cryptographic keys to their account, it may cause a third party to incorrectly recognize the holder's MYTC balance in the Ethereum blockchain, while initial balances of a new mytime blockchain are formed.

11.3.4. Cryptocurrency wallet incompatibility A wallet or cryptocurrency storage system used by the holder must be technically compatible with MYTC. Failure to use a compatible technology may result in the MYTC holder not gaining access to their MYTC.

37



11.4. mytime development

11.4.1. Third-party dependency Even after the launch, mytime will rely wholly or partially on third parties for the adoption and implementation of certain functions, as well as for continuing the development, maintenance and support of the platform. There is no guarantee that these third parties will do their job properly.

11.4.2. Development team dependency This project exists as the result of effort by the mytime team, who are responsible for maintaining the competitiveness of the ecosystem overall. To lose members of the management team (or to fail to attract and retain additional staff) could have a significant adverse impact on mytime. The competition for staff with relevant experience is high due to the small number of qualified specialists. This shortage of personnel seriously affects the ability to attract additional qualified management, which may have a significant negative impact on the platform.

11.4.3. Interest in the platform Even if the platform is completed and launched, the success of the platform depends on the interest and participation of third parties. Their interest cannot be guaranteed.

11.4.4. Third-party projects The platform can prompt creation of alternative projects promoted by nonaffiliated third parties.

38



11.4.5. Other The development of the platform can terminate due to lack of funding, loss of key personnel, lack of commercial success and prospects, and other factors.

11.5. Company's business

11.5.1. Conflict of interest The Company's units may be involved in transactions with affiliated entities. Conflicts of interest may arise within the Company or between the Company and affiliated parties. Transactions with related parties may fail to comply with the arm's length principle.

11.5.2. Emerging markets The Company (or its units) can operate in the emerging markets countries subject to high risks, including significant legal, economic and political risks.

11.6. Government

11.6.1. Immature regulatory framework The legal status of cryptographic tokens, cryptocurrencies, other digital assets, and the blockchain technology remains unidentified in many countries. Predicting how quickly and how public authorities will regulate these assets, as well as the blockchain technology, doesn't deem possible. Changes in legislation may adversely affect the Company and the prospects for the technologies developed by it. The Company may stop distributing coins, developing a platform, or its activities in a specific jurisdiction in the event that such actions are found to be illegal, or legislative changes make them economically impractical.

39



11.6.2. Licenses and permissions Although, as of the date hereof, there are no statutory requirements for the Company or MYTC holders to obtain any licenses or permissions for operations with digital assets, there is a risk that such requirements will be introduced in the future. Regulatory authorities may establish requirements for cryptocurrency traders, including requirements for compliance with various standards, getting licenses, identification, reporting, and the like. In this case, an exchange trading in MYTC could be suspended for an indefinite period.

11.6.3. State regulation The Company operates in a new industry and may be subject to increased supervision and control. The Company's property and operations are regulated by various public authorities and are subject to annual inspections. An inspection may conclude that the Company has violated laws, decrees, or regulations, and cannot refute these findings or rectify the violations in a timely manner. Failure to comply with the applicable laws or orders resulting from the inspections can lead to significant penalties, ranging from fines to administrative or criminal prosecution of the Company's officials. Any toughening in state regulation of the Company's activities may increase the Company's expenses and adversely affect its operations.

40



11.6.4. Actions of public authorities Sometimes public authorities show a high degree of freedom. Under the influence of commercial or political considerations, they act selectively, arbitrarily, without prior notice, or in a manner contrary to the law. This creates risks for the Company's operations. Furthermore, such conditions allow competitors to gain various privileges and preferences from public authorities, equating to direct competitive advantages.

41



