Overview

NeuroBot is a neural network algorithm created for forecasting exchange rates of cryptocurrencies. The neural network collects and analyses data 24/7 and provides forecasts for various cryptocurrencies' exchange rates. There are three types of forecasts: 24 hours, 48 hours and one week. Depending on the type of forecast and the chosen cryptocurrency the accuracy of the forecast spans within the range of 70-99%. The analysis takes less than a second and comprises the essential aspects of technical analysis, such as patterns and signal indicators. The program will be further enriched by introducing the remaining elements of technical analysis (Fibonacci retracement, the Elliot wave theory, etc) and fundamental analysis, which will include news analysis to determine the positive and negative tendencies of the market. The project is targeted at traders with any level of preparation and experience. Traders no longer have to be aware of every miniscule detail of technical analysis, wasting time and effort trying to make their skills and knowledge deeper and more specific. It facilitates the work of professional traders, allows them to channel their strength into the realization and opens possibilities for the newcomers, who are just entering the exchange trade, serving as a powerful and reliable instrument in their activity. NeuroBot's algorithm is based on LSTM-network (Long short-term memory) coupled with Gradient Boosting - another machine learning technique. Due to the abilities of neural networks, NeuroBot is constantly learning to better correspond to the state of the market to make more accurate forecasts and improve the quality of the resulting work.



Long short-term memory network algorithm example Gardient Boosting example



Difficulties traders are faced with

In the cryptocurrency market, as in the stock market, traders are faced with a series of problems caused by their individual peculiarities as well as the system within which they exist.

 Every trader regardless of their status and experience first a human being and is exposed to stress, mood swings, inattentiveness, illnesses, which result in work stoppage, mistakes and can cause money loss.

 No trader can work 24/7, so even with the highest work intensity a certain amount of data and information gets lost and slows down the process.

 Moreover, very few traders are equally as skilled in several aspects of technical and fundamental analysis due to the limited human capacity and the lack of free time for mastering them. On average, a trader chooses one or two aspects, which he finds more suitable for his needs, and uses solely them ignoring all the rest, which makes the analysis less accurate.

 Apart from the trader's limited technical knowledge, the speed of trader's work is also limited. One forecast takes even the most highly qualified specialists about two hours to make and with the current volatility of cryptocurrencies and the speed of market change every minute is precious.



Our solutions

 NeuroBot is a fully automated well-coordinated system that operates based on implanted algorithms. It minimalizes malfunctions, errors and provides forecasts with an accuracy of 70-99% (depending on the chosen cryptocurrency).

 24 hours a day our algorithm collects and processes information, access to which you can get at any time of the day or night.

 Program functions on the algorithms of technical analysis patterns and signal indicators.

 In the long term it is planned to implement other elements of technical analysis (Fibonacci retracement, the Elliot wave theory, etc.) and fundamental analysis, neural network will analyse market news, calculate their positive or negative impact on the existing market situation and use the obtained data in the forecast.

 The algorism takes less than a second to complete a multifaceted analysis.



Neurobot forecast Market Forecast



Market Forecast



Market

While NeuroBot project at Alpha stage all forecasts are free with 30 minutes update time. Use our website https://neurobot.trading/forecasts or telegram bot @BTC_NEURO_BOT to check forecast.



Our competitors

Automating the process of forecasting the exchange market is a very attractive goal for both beginners and experienced companies, so programmers are focused on creating a system that provides this automaton. StocksNeural, StocksCharts, IKnowFirst embody the idea of forecasting the market with the help of regression analysis: the system analyses historical data and forecasts future quotes based on them. The disadvantages of regression analysis are the following:

 The algorithm of this kind is suitable only for short time intervals and provides 30-40% accuracy in volatile markets, in some cases reaching 70%;

 Analysis of historical data is optimal only for exchange instruments with stable indicators, a repetitive and predictable action plan, for example, to predict the cost of Apple shares;

 Such a system requires regular input of current data; otherwise forecasts will lose their accuracy with time

Difference between NeuroBot and its competitors NeuroBot is not based on historical data, but on cryptocurrency real-time market data and manually programmed to work with aspects of technical and fundamental analysis that gives more stable and accurate forecasts, The neural network simulates as close as possible work of professional trader and is trained in the same way with ability to learn much faster. The positive aspects of such an algorithm are independence from historical data, the subject of analysis, as it can be applied to the cryptocurrency as well as to the token and shares. The average accuracy of the algorithm varies from 70-99% even for long-term forecasts. Due to this is an Alpha version in the future algorithm of market news analysis will be implemented in neural network to make more stable forecasts and prevent from unexpected critical news result forecasts significantly as at these moments the accuracy may drop nowadays.



The volume of cryptocurrency market in 2017 is exceeding 100 billion dollars, and this number is constantly growing. Cryptocurrencies have high volatility, the exchange rate may change by 10-20% in a day, and over the year it may exceed the original value several times. Thus, at the beginning of the year Bitcoin was worth about one thousand dollars, now its value has surpassed five thousand USD.

Quite recently, the capitalization of two crypto-currencies - OmiseGO and Qtum exceeded 1 billion US dollars, making them the first tokens ERC20, which achieved such a result, and it happened in only a few months. Assets of those who invested in OmiseGO at the initial stage of the release (July 2017), multiplied by 40 times. Such impressive numbers and growth rates attract the attention of banks, investors, traders and ordinary people, because they serve as a real opportunity to increase assets. However, a smart investment requires competent forecasts, which NeuroBot capable to provide.



Roadmap

 December 2017 The Elliot wave theory and Fibonacci retracement will be implemented to the algorism.

 January 2018 BETA Basic Analysis of market news The NeuroBot algorism implements the cryptocurrency market news which will result more accuracy.

 March 2018 API for trading systems The launch of the beta NeuroBot API will provide stable data for various trading platforms.

 May 2018 Improved news analysis. Grouping news into semantic chains according to the positive or negative scenarios. This will enable to predict the emerging of news critical to market.

 June 2018 Adding new trading instruments and token forecasts.



 October 2018 The Release version of the NeuroBot. Run the release version API for trading robots and powerful instrument for accurate cryptocurrency forecasting.

 November 2018 Alpha version of Trading Platform based on The NeuroBot project. The SmartTradingBots Alpha platform will allow to create various trading bots using API of the NeuroBot to trade on various cryptocurrency stock exchanges.

Investments As an investment, a widely used and tested model is proposed, in which investors receive NEB Tokens in exchange for Ethereum. Token owners get tokens in the NeuroBot project and can later use them to purchase forecasts with a 40% discount. The standard cost of an annual package is 1200 US dollars. After the release of NEB Tokens at the cryptocurrency stock exchanges their price may increase several times.



