NEVERDIE

ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN GAMING

ICO

Initial Coin Offering

An Inter-operable, Decentralized, Trillion Dollar Virtual Economy.

<1#>



PARTICIPATE IN THE DUAL NEVERDIE COIN & TELEPORT TOKEN INITIAL COIN OFFERING



#gamechanger



NEVERDIE PHASE 1

NEVERDIE COIN& TELEPORTTOKEN



C



O



N



T



E



N



T



S



Section 1  THE NEVERDIE INITIAL COIN OFFERING (ICO)



03



Section 2  INTRODUCTION, DECENTRALIZATION AND TRANSPARENCY



04



Section 3  NEVERDIE DECENTRALIZATION SCHEMATIC/SMART CONTRACTS 05



Section 4  THE SYSTEM - NEVERDIE COIN & TELEPORT FUNCTIONALITY



06



Section 5  NEVERDIE VIRTUAL INFRASTRUCTURE SCHEMATIC



07



Section 6  GLOBAL CHALLENGES/GAMIFIED JOBS VS BASIC INCOME



08



Section 7  REVENUE SPLIT & GLOBAL ECONOMIC INCENTIVES



09



Section 8  NEVERDIE DIVISION - THE UNITED STATES OF BLOCKCHAIN



10



Section 9  TELEPORT DIVISION - DOUBLE COIN OFFER



11



Section 10  API & PAYATAR WALLET DEVELOPMENT



12



Section 11  THE NEVERDIE SDK/API SYSTEM SCHEMATIC



13



Section 12  GAME MECHANICS & A BILLION JOBS IN VIRTUAL REALITY



16



Section 13  THE VR GOVERNMENT & FUND USAGE BREAKDOWN



17



Section 14  DEVELOPMENTS & ROADMAP



18



Section 15  NEVERDIE PRESS COVERAGE



20



Section 16  JOB CREATION WITH VR TELEPORTATION - INFOGRAPHIC



22



Section 17  ICO RULES & INFORMATION



23



Section 18  NEVERDIE COIN/TELEPORT TOKEN ICO BONUSES



24



Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 2



DO YOU HAVE A QUESTION TO CHALLENGE JON JACOBS ON HOW TO

MONETISE THE NEVERDIE COIN?



#gamechanger



THE NEVERDIE IINITIAL COIN

OFFERING (ICO)



VIRTUAL REALITY INFRASTRUCTURE

The Virtual Reality infrastructure we are all familiar with includes graphic engines, physics engines, graphics cards, PC headsets,

server farms, etc. But what that really amounts to, is the technology to create the illusion of Virtual Reality. This technology allows developers to

create environments that we can experience first person.

To bring Virtual Reality to life, it must be populated with simulations that we can interact with, this can best be described as game design. Well designed MMORPG's bring Virtual

Reality to life and allow us to become deeply engaged in the illusion.

Most MMORPG's feature well developed character development systems and economic models to support the illusion of progression as one plays.

The economic models within MMORPGS' often feature infrastructure that is either free to use or requires in game currency or items to utilize. In a fantasy realm for example, magic portals may provide the fastest route between two distant zones. Players may need to loot or craft items to use the portals or otherwise trade with other players to get them. A magic portal system, which is essential for connecting distant zones or plains inside a vast virtual world, could be described as infrastructure without which it might be very difficult to play at the pace we desire.

A good example of this type of infrastructure in the real world are the railroads, building railroads across America for example was essential for the development of the nation and the economy and continues

on after over one hundred and eighty-five years to be the primary means of moving freight across the nation.

https://www.aar.org/BackgroundPapers/Economic%20Impact%20of%20US%20Freight%20Railroads.pdf

The majority of MMORPGS feature some type of infrastructure that is fundamental to the economy of the game or at least to the ease of play. Because of the fragmented approach to online game development, there is no infrastructure that bridges virtual worlds and games.

To move from one game to another you must exit the game into reality and the log into a new game. To create an interoperable virtual goods economy that will fully utilize the breakthrough technology of the

Ethereum blockchain which provides infrastructure to support a new digital universe we must adopt gamified infrastructure that will provide the foundation for interconnected game worlds. A gamified layer on the Ethereum blockchain that will utilize universal tokens.



Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 3



INTRODUCTION

"How many coins will be in issue at point of launch and how many in total overall?"

40 Million coins will be issued at launch and 400 million coins in total circulation.



"A Worldwide

Nation of Gamers."

Jon NEVERDIE Jacobs



Decentralization & Transparency

A ROCKTropia Zombie Biker

Background to Vitual Reality gaming and Cyber Currency economies The BBS (Bulletin Board system) was a precursor to the internet and one of the more popular applications was the MUD a multi-user dungeon. Traditional MUDs implement a role-playing game set in a fantasy world populated by fictional races and monsters, with players choosing classes to gain specific skills or powers.

The objective of this sort of game is to slay monsters, explore a fantasy world, complete quests, go on adventures, accumulate gold and useful items, and generally advance the player character. Virtual economies developed organically in MUDS as users placed value on the time and skill required to acquire currency and items.

400 millions gamers worldwide With the expansion of the internet and the rise of the MMORPG (Massive Multi-player Online Roleplaying Game) Virtual Economies driven by hunter gatherer models immediately boomed and spilled out from inside the game worlds where the play currency held a fictional value to the internet and auction sites like eBay where users could assign fiat currency value to the virtual items, labor and avatar skills required to collect them.

The global secondary market - defined as real money trading between players - turnover was estimated to be 2 billion dollars as of 2007. And has grown to tens of billions of dollars as the number of MMORPG gamers has grown globally to upwards of 400 million+ in 2017 based on reports by www.newzoo.com

Securely trading virtual goods for real currency has presented many technical challenges over the last two decades with most transactions requiring trust or middle men to ensure fair exchange. These obstacles have tempered the growth of virtual goods economies and the closed economies of the MMORPG's or Virtual Worlds themselves have placed major limitations on the potential demand for individual items.

Cryptocurrencies have always been central to the virtual economies, but have always been centralized and have suffered from the need for trust or middlemen when exchanges are conducted outside of the games themselves.

The Virtual Goods market The development of bitcoin and the blockchains has now provided a solution to the challenge of securely trading virtual currencies peer to peer and now with Ethereum comes the ability to tokenize virtual goods alongside virtual currencies, which will finally set the *900 million USD virtual goods black market free and lead to trustable, de-centralized virtual goods economies of unprecedented proportions.

Challenges  Inter-operable or Bust! The Biggest hurdle to facilitating the expansion of virtual goods economies to their full potential on the blockchain is fragmented game design.

Fragmentation will lead to the creation of tokenized items that will only have value in the games they are designed for, which will limit the potential market for the labor required to loot or manufacture the items. This would be like making a car or a watch that only works in France and is simply useless in Germany.

We take it for granted in the real world that an apple is an apple regardless of which country in the world you are in and that it will provide nutritional value wherever you eat it. To achieve this same consensus in Virtual and Digital Worlds which will provide the foundation for a truly global virtual goods economy we must find common ground between game developers and users to build upon while at the same time avoiding unnecessary restriction.

*Researchgate. 2006.

4



SMART CONTRACTS

"Virtual Worlds have evolved to become very sophisticated as users have attached significant emotional and financial value to their Avatars."

Decentralization and Tranparency  Organic Demand for fair play Social structure and politics inside MMORPGS and Virtual Worlds has evolved to become very sophisticated as users have attached significant emotional and financial value to their Avatars, virtual goods and even their home worlds. As a result, there is increased demand for transparency in game design and balancing, also a decentralization of loot pools and the need for democratic management of assets and development. These needs can now be addressed with smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain.

Example Schematic: Smart Monster Contract

This is one example of a multitude of open source smart contracts that will beb created to facilitate turn-key translation of in game actions to the blockchain. Features:  Open source  Fully integrated into NEVERDIEAPI&SDK  Smart Contract templates provided for developers  Completely transparent decentralized looting  Skill based gameplay  Inter-operable & crossplatform compatible  Auto conversion of gameplay actions into blockchain actions

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 5



THE SYSTEM

"Providing the essential monetized infrastructure for gaming on the Ethereum blockchain."

Neverdie Coin & Teleport Functionality



The System  NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport token: The system provides the economic infrastructure for sustainable new realities. Human beings are living in a time where billions of dollars are being invested in tools to create immersive new realities including virtual reality, augmented reality, cyberspace, blockchain etc. The great opportunity at hand is for developers to move away from consumer centric business models to Peer to Peer business models where all participants can gain value for time, skills, and creativity.



To provide a foundation for Peer to Peer economies inside Virtual Worlds and gamified cyberspace, a consensus must be reached by all parties with regard to monetizing certain core systems. If for example a user can wave a magic wand inside a virtual world or game to make anything they wish appear, then there would be no need for them to trade with other users. The fun of a game is to face challenges, to try, to fail, to try again, to succeed, to progress, to discover, to unlock, to win, to find new challenges and to share the adventure with other players, etc.



To create games and worlds you first create rules and the rules define the structure of the game. We are now at a point in time where society recognizes the need for monetizing immersive gaming.



By starting with the core infrastructure that is incorporated into the rules of most game designs, we can unite diverse worlds through token mechanisms that will be utilized in the majority of the next generation of games and also integrate seamlessly into existing games that currently provide this infrastructure but don't monetize it.



NEVERDIE COIN Exchange Symbol:NDC Total Supply: 400,000,000

Decimals: 18 ICO Price: $0.25 USD



TELEPORTTOKEN Exchange Symbol:TPT Total Supply: 10,000,000,000

Decimals: 18 ICO Price: $0.10 USD



NEVERDIE coin and Teleport functionality  Buying extra Lives and instant re-location. The purpose of the NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport Token is to turn the mechanics of buying a new life in a game or traveling within a game or between games into a utility that requires universal tokens. With a limit to the number of tokens in circulation, these utility tokens gain an intrinsic value as the demand to utilize them grows.

The tokens will be consumed each time they are used within a game and divided through smart contract design and API into fragments to be re-looted, mined, or collected and re-crafted with player skill so that they can be traded between players and used again.

This will create a turnkey starting point for all game economies, as players will need to harvest and trade between each other in raw virtual materials to pay for their new lives or to hop between games. As each token is consumed through the utility, a fragment of the token will also be assigned to the game developer as operating income and into other funds. A percentage of each token consumed will be burned which will also incrementally increase the intrinsic value of the tokens as the number in circulation decreases.

The mechanics described have been applied tens of thousands of times over in many different Virtual Worlds and games, but never as inter-operable tokens that can be traded peer to peer on the blockchain and where the formulas for resource gathering and crafting will drive a real cash transparent economy coded with provably fair smart contracts.



#gamechanger Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 6



VIRTUAL INFRASTRUCTURE "We've created an inter-operable p2p virtual goods economy."



NEVERDIE Virtual Infrastructure Schematic

Virtual Infrastructure  Virtual Reality needs infrastucture as much as reality does... At the very foundation of digital worlds are certain game mechanics which can be found in almost every world and dimension. These include the mechanism of dying (reviving or starting over) and of movement or transportation. By choosing to monetize these mechanics in a format that is inclusive of the user and considerate of the user's time and skills it is possible to create an inter-operable p2p virtual goods economy that could span the most amount of games without placing restriction on any other part of the game design.



The value of reaching this consensus at the very beginning of development of gaming on the blockchain is that it will support massive adoption of new games as players will be able to instantly tap into an exponential economy and get more value for their time spent playing than ever before, with the ability to trade the value of their skills across the widest variety of games. This will also result in greater avatar longevity and a core turnkey monetization system for all games that adopt the system.



Below we illustrate the monetization of extra lives in a projected $1 trillion dollar virtual goods market in 2022.



1982

$11.8 BILLION

VIDEOGAMESINDUSTRY



2022

$1 TRILLION

INVIRTUALGOODS



TOKEN HOLDER YIELD PLAYER LOOT POOL GAME DEV GRANTS DEVELOPER ROYALTY

(see token revenue splits for details)



PLAYERS GOT $0.00



MILLIONS OF PLAYERS



1 BILLION PLAYERS



$15 BILLION IN GAMIFIED WAGES



$8 BILLION

IN QUARTERS PAID TO ARCADES



$100 BILLION

IN NDC PAID FOR LIVES



Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 7



GLOBAL CHALLENGES

"Providing the essential monetized infrastructure for gaming on the Ethereum blockchain."

Gamified Jobs Vs. Basic Income



The greatest business models today are the ones that empower the people It is essential today to disrupt existing outdated business models to address global challenges. Video games are a massive multibillion dollar industry where player skills are largely unrewarded except for e-sports tournaments. As society searches to create new jobs to replace those lost to AI and robotics it is logical to create jobs that utilize the enormous range of video game skills that humans have been developing since childhood as this will lead to an engaged and excited society, while also providing a global marketplace filled with opportunity with a very low barrier to entry for anyone anywhere in the world of any creed color or economic background.

Who will be able to afford to buy games if no one makes any money? Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Stephen Hawking and Mark Zuckerberg are all now championing the idea of basic income, which to some people may have been unthinkable even a decade ago. But basic income is certainly looming on the horizon globally, many governments are experimenting with it in anticipation of major redundancies in the workforce. But basic income will provide only basic necessities, creating a great demand for gamified jobs that will guarantee that economic opportunity is always only a keystroke away.

Inside the ROCKtropia Virtual world, NEVERDIE has already implemented scalable part time minimum wage Virtual Reality Jobs, that allow anyone with a PC to earn appx 50 cents an hour playing. 50 cents an hour is higher than the minimum wage in numerous countries around the world. The minimum wage in Cuba for example is 0.05 cents per hour* and already some Cubans are seeking better paying jobs in virtual reality and are participating in the NEVERDIE programs. In Romania minimum wage is $2 per hour and gamified jobs and esports help supplement incomes and prove to be very attractive as a means to find opportunity. *https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_minimum_wages_by_country



*Wage difference when working inside ROCKtropia as of 2017



Cuba



South Africa



India



Mexico



Kenya



Russia



Ukraine



All listed countries have



citizens with the means



and technical capabiliy to



connect to ROCKtropia



and work in VR.



8



GLOBAL ECONOMIC INCENTIVES

"Monetized Virtual World infrastructure will drive rapid adoption of the Ethereum blockchain through

the creation of gamified jobs."

Economic Incentives  If people can't afford to buy games, then pay them to play and build an economy! Monetized Virtual World infrastructure will drive rapid adoption of the Ethereum blockchain through the creation of gamified Jobs.

TOKENREVENUESPLIT EXAMPLENDC/TPT REVENUEFROMTOKENCONSUMPTION

DEVELOPER ROYALTY REPLENISH LOOT POOL GAME DEV GRANT FUND REPLENISH VR JOBS POOL VR GOV OPPERATIONS NEVERDIE DEVELOPMENT BLOCKCHAIN COSTS/MISC

ALL%ESTIMATESARESUBJECTTOADJUSTMENT

Currently the world is experiencing exponential advances in AI and robotics which will increasingly undermine the labor market. In addition, energy resources are on an exponential curve that will decrease the cost of living. However, for human wellness it is essential for an individual to be a productive member of society and to develop skills, talents and compete.

Since the beginning of time, playing games has provided humans with the ability to train for the real world and to push past personal limits. Particularly In the last century, entire industries have developed around ball games and other sports. As humans are needed less and less to work in mundane jobs to support industry, sports and games will provide the environment for people to continue to develop and grow and find economic opportunity.

The last forty years has seen a massive transition from physical games to electronic games and as a result the world now has a massive highly skilled gaming workforce that can drive a global gaming-trading economy, leaving AI and robots to manage all physical and repetitive labor needed to provide, food, shelter, and other necessities. Through gamified jobs, new players will be encouraged to play games concurrently with the game developers development cycles, with both the developer and gamer treated with equal consideration of time labor and expenses.

This approach will rapidly accelerate adoption of the Ethereum blockchain platform by gamers, which in turn will attract meaningful capital to be made available to developers to access through decentralized crowd funding mechanisms, these funds will quickly attract game developers who are already finding existing platforms or monetization systems to be tapped out or over saturated. The market capitalizations that have recently been achieved for new tokens that are supported by the growing ethereum community will provide enormous incentive to create games and play games on the ethereum blockchain, especially when players can earn the tokens through both gamified jobs and gamified mining.

The importance of monetizing core gamified infrastructure should not be overlooked as it will provide incentive to game developers to create interoperable assets and game design that will allow avatar skills to also be in many case interoperable.

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 9



NEVERDIE DIVISION

"A Global Nation of Gamers."

The United States of Blockchain



The Next Super Power

"While Ether is the currency and the utility token of the Ethereum blockchain, the TPT and NDC will be become the universal utility tokens for gaming on the ethereum

blockchain.."



Pitfalls  Finding the bugs is part of the game now! The Ethereum blockchain is in its infancy and therefore, there are many technical hurdles to overcome and learning curves to endure, considerable bootstrapping is a necessity for early adopters. Engaging the communities through development cycles and decentralized governance is essential to fostering an inclusive relationship with all token holders while the core technology matures. Maintaining healthy token reserves is essential to success.

Off Chain Fragments  The United States of Blockchain Inside the virtual worlds and games, other tokens or non-blockchain based items will be exchangeable for the NEVERDIE coin (NDC) or Teleport token (TPT) Fragments. An example of this is in our real cash virtual world ROCKtropia where an Old Bus token which can be found by a miner inside a Zombie Wasteland, an Old Subway token that can be found in a Hellish Cyber Mining Zone and a Quantum chip which can be looted from AI bots. These are hunted largely by new players (who are paid $10 per month as gamified wages) as all can be manufactured by a crafter into a tpt fragment and then used for fast teleportation to popular hunting spots inside the game.

Double Coin Offering  Twice the fun! Inside Virtual Worlds and games many different items are required to play and progress. By providing two complementary central utilities independent of each other, a very robust economy will develop. Individual game developers will also be able to introduce additional tokens which will add to the global Virtual Goods economy with some becoming as widely used as the NDC and TPT.

Total Coins issued... NEVERDIE Coin 400,000,000 - Launch Price 25 cents

Launch Market Cap $100,000,000

Teleport token 10,000,000,000 - Launch Price 10 cents Launch Market Cap $1,000,000,000

10% NEVERDIE Coin & 30% of the total Teleport Tokens offered through the ICO.

NEVERDIE Coin raise - $10,000,000 (capped at) Target $10M Teleport Token raise - Up to $300,000,000 (capped at) Target $50M

NEVERDIE DIVISION

10% Sold in ICO NEVERDIE coin

10% NEVERDIE Coin Loot Pool Launch Value $10,000,000

10% NEVERDIE Coin Game Development Fund Launch Value $10,000,000

10% NEVERDIE Coin Gamified Jobs Fund Launch Value $10,000,000

5 % VR Government $5,000,000

55 % Reserves & Operations $55,000,000.

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organizations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 10



TELEPORT DIVISION

"Inside Virtual Worlds and games many different items are required to play and progress."

Twice the Fun!

TWICETHEFUN!

DOUBLE COIN OFFERING ON 30th JUNE at

GAMELAB 2017

in Barcelona.

TELEPORT DIVISION

30% Sold in ICO TPT coin 10% Teleport Token Loot Pool Launch Value $100,000,000 Ten percent of the total number of TPT in circulation will be reserved for pools connected to smart contracts, enabling the tokens to be harvested through skilled gameplay. The pools will be replenished as the tokens are consumed through utility. 10% Teleport Token Game Development Fund Launch Value $100,000,000 Ten percent will be reserved for game development and acquisition funds managed by smart contracts, which will be subject to a democratic voting system involving all token holders. This pool will be replenished as tokens are consumed by utility. 10% Teleport Token Gamified Jobs Fund Value $100,000,000 Ten percent will be reserved to pay wages for gamified jobs and governance. This pool will be replenished as tokens are consumed by utility. 5 % The VR Government Endowment Fund $50,000,000 Includes Singularity Fund, Humanity Fund, Education Fund, AI Fund & The Arts Fund. 35% System development, future operations and additional core financing needs $350,000,000 35% will be reserved for operations and additional core financing needs. This pool will be replenished as tokens are consumed by utility. to cover the cost of future technology development and operations.

11



API & WALLET DEVELOPMENT

"The greatest business models today are the ones that empower the people."

Inter-operable and decentralized

Billion Dollar Gamified Job Fund After the ICO as NDC and TPT start trading on the exchanges an increased market price will significantly impact the scale of game development and the number of gamified jobs that can be created. API and Wallet Development In tandem with developing the NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport API, continued PAYATAR Wallet development will occur to manage tokens that represent fungible interoperable items and create a database for all skills rewarded in all applications, DApps or games that utilize the NDC and TPT. The wallet will be re-designed from the ground up including feedback generated from the release of the alpha release. The wallet will be used for instant sign in across multiple platforms or web based DApps and to provide a dashboard for games that exist on the blockchain that can be accessed from inside the wallet. The NEVERDIE Wallet currently in alpha provides a first insight into the Blockchain perspective on gaming and the full PAYATAR Wallet.

BOOTSTRAPPING

Given that we are at the very beginning of the Ethereum blockchain and that many technical challenges still lie ahead. There will be a degree of bootstrapping as we bring the vision to realization.

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 12



THE NEVERDIE SDK/API

"Communication between the SDK, API, RAP & NDC Hubs link all platforms allowing transaction to pass between these platforms and any games/DApps built on them." The Neverdie SDK/API System Schematic

13



VIRGTAUMALESREINADLIUTSYTARNYDINGSLIOGHBATSL

"A transparant, inter-operable system built for a fast growing market that desperately needs it."

2017-2021 GLOBALVRINDUSTRY

FORECASTTOWARD 2021

VRINDUSTRY

10X

GROWTH2017-2021



Boxed/Downloaded PC Browser PC Console Tablet Smartphone



2016-2020 GLOBALGAMESMARKET

FORECASTPERSEGMENTTOWARD 2020

TOTALMARKET

+6.2%

CAGR 2016-2020



The number of companies working in VRrose by 40% during 2016.

Legacy game publishers like Capcom and Ubisoft have released full-fledged VR titles to gain an early foothold in the market. Meanwhile, the number of VR advertising and analytics companies has grown as content producers expand beyond direct monetization (i.e. selling content upfront).

This bodes well for the next crucial years in VR's development and demonstrates the critical need for a de-centralized financial VR infrastructure to underpin these new experiences . Companies working in VR in 2016



14



VIRTUAL WORLD GAMING

"In which virtual worlds can you deploy your NEVERDIE coins and Teleport Tokens?"

Start using your NEVERDIE coins RIGHT NOW. PROUDLY SUPPORTING METAMASK, PARITY & THE MIST BROWSER

Ethereum Blockchain Gaming



Initial Virtual World games supported by Neverdie Coin and Teleport Tokens



AmeVRica



AsgardVR



Planet ROCKtropia



Token holder crowdfunded games and virtual worlds



...New Vi(rTtoukean$l1h5W obldgoearrmslvedodsteev-oen`PlToualplarlmnoykceeeanyttri'ofVVuni.nroo.td.ufAt)aelPFdI.in./.SaPnDAciYKalA.I.-n.TDfrAaAsRtprupctsure

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 15



INSIDE OUT GAME MECHANICS & SMART CONTRACT DEVELOPMENT

"With the Game Mechanics outside the body of the World, players can engage with full confidence in their chosen activities and invest with confidence."

Smart Contract Development  An open source modular modular MMORPG System The core game systems across MMORPG's are very similar, they involve Avatar skill tree progression based on skills earned through repeated use of various tools specific to chosen professions and missions, hunting, gathering mining for resources or treasures and item crafting and trading. Increased skills typically equate to a player's ability to utilize more powerful tools in search of rarer resources or treasures. Currently in MMORPGS the balancing of all these system is hidden and subject to great speculation by the user base, the element of mystery provides much engagement and entertainment, but given the intrinsic value of time and skill that users must invest in acquiring items, the mystery is very often viewed with suspicion and has created an organic demand for transparency of all gameplay mechanics to ensure fairness. All the above gameplay mechanics account for a variety of factors to yield a result. Factors may include avatar skills and attributes, equipment statistics, player skills combined with external factors depending on the specific gameplay that is engaged in. These familiar game mechanics will be coded into smart contracts, to enable a player to see exactly what odds are being faced and to fully evaluate the chance involved of looting or harvesting favorably. With the game mechanics outside the body of the world, players can engage with full confidence in their chosen activities and invest with confidence. Our smart contracts will be written to create an effectively open source modular MMORPG system supported by the blockchain where through API/SDK it can be connected to a wide variety of game engines and platforms World balancing is ever evolving and users of MMORPGS are very opinionated and concerned with the direction of the development of worlds once they are heavily invested in their avatars. Developers typically consider player feedback, but ultimately act for the financial concerns of the studio versus the value of the players time. This also can now be finally addressed by allowing players to vote on content and system development with a business model that divides all royalties between the users and the developers ensuring that neither party is with less consideration than the other. Crowdfunding, decentralized governance and transparent smart contracts provide the optimal foundation for a fair virtual goods economy where consensus will define the value of skills, gameplay, and reward. Minting Many renewable tokenized resources can be utilized by the ethereum token minting system, which will be perfect for item manufacturing, virtual farming, and agriculture.

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 16



THE VR GOVERNMENT

"Expansion on fund usage and the governance process."

The BoardRoom



The VR Government  NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport token: The VR Government - The VR gov will establish infrastructure to the support the constitution of Virtual Reality and to represent the interests of the token holders in the real world political arena.

It recieves an endowment of Teleport Tokens and NDC as well as up to $5M Ether - In addition to the main government, 5 branches of the government will also recieve mixed token endowments. The branches to be established will be as follows -

The Singularity Fund - The goal of the Singularity Fund is to invest in development of future technology that will impact the Global Virtual Goods economy and health and longevity of all token holders.

The AI Fund - The goal of the AI fund is develop AI that will support the economy and protect the economy and the security of all token holders.

The Humanities Fund - The goal of this fund is to ensure that all token holders can vote at any time to provide aid to anyone in the real world and support humanitarian causes.

The LIFE Fund - The goal of this fund is to enable all token holders to vote on issues relating to the preservation of all life in the known universe and to provide basic support to token holders in the event of future digital life extension or mind upload.

The Arts Fund - The goal of this fund is to support the arts in Virtual Reality and invest in culture.

ESTIMATEDUSENODFCFUNDS RAISED -



Target Raise: $10,000,000 Capped at: $10,000,000



Development Costs



Operating and Reserves



ESTIMATEDUSEOFFUNDS RAISED TPT



Target Raise: $50,000,000 Capped at: $300,000,000



Loot Pools Game Dev Fund



VRJobs



VR Gov



Mergers & Acquisitions



Development Costs Operating & Reserves



Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 17



DAENVDELROOPAMDEMNATPS

"The future of gaming and VR is huge, in fact, the global VR market is set to multiply 10X within 4 years."



NEW GAME DEVELOPMENT VS EXISTING GAME PARTNERSHIPS

A variety of very popular games exist with passionate communities. But some of the business models for these games are outdated. Our API/SDK will make it possible for pre-existing game economies to be engineered to work with the NDC and TPT which will instantly tie an enormous

amount of existing game content and large player bases to the Ethereum blockchain.



Road Map



Game developers funded by treasury!



AmeVRica & AsgardVR



Dev begins



Game Crowdfunding



and governance



smart contracts



NEVERDIE Coin game



engine API



Smart contract



development for new



Blockchain games



Payatar Wallet



and API



Teleport token game



engine API



Partnerships and Acquisitions



AmeVRica & AsgardVR design Phase



ICO Completion



Addition of Tokens to popular token exchanges



Token Launch



FUNDING CYCLE In the event the that NEVERDIE Coin and Teleport Token funding is fully funded before the ICO launch date, then the offering will be closed and tokens will be added to popular

exchanges as soon as all ICO coins are distributed.



ADDITIONAL CHALLENGES Micro-transactions and scalability  numerous solutions

are in development across the ethereum community to these fundamental issues.



All NDC and TPT API development will follow an exponential curve, so that our technology is designed to constantly evolve in this rapidly changing environment.



DISCLAIMER



NEVERDIE Coins and Teleport Tokens do not represent



18



ownership in any real-world companies.



These tokens are designed to activate virtual utilities.



A BILLION JOBS IN VR

"Watch how together we can create a new digital frontier for employment."

Meet NEVERDIE

Jon `NEVERDIE' Jacobs Inside the Entropia Universe Jon created the iconic avatar NEVERDIE and he became the first gamer to make a million dollars inside a Virtual World. Jon's Club NEVERDIE made the 2008 Guinness Book of World Records as the most valuable virtual property. NEVERDIE Studios Jon founded NEVERDIE Studios and has worked with Michael Jackson, Lemmy and Universal Studios as well as bringing ROCKtropia, KING KONG, and The THING to virtual reality. NEVERDIE Studios developed and operates the ROCKtropia Virtual World, the first and only MMORPG to fully disrupt all existing gaming business models by providing real gamified jobs that pay any user $10 per month to play. President of Virtual Reality In 2016 Jon was elected the first President of Virtual Reality with a mission to create one billion jobs in VR. NEVERDIE Coin and Teleporter Token In 2017 Jon launched the PAYATAR Wallet - the infrastructure to support the NEVERDIE Coin and the Teleporter Token on the Ethereum blockchain to facilitate virtual world democracy and finance the development of cross platform blockchain games and DApps including ROCKtropiaand the upcoming AmeVRica, to drive the growth of a decentralized trillion dollar virtual goods economy. 19



COVERAGE

"See what the press are saying all over the world about Cyber Currencies with Artificial Reality Gaming."

NEVERDIE IN THE PRESS

Currently we are engaging the public to be pro-active in the battle to prevent AI and robotics from making humans redundant, we are doing this through the creation of gamified minimum wage VR jobs that employs gamers to hunt AI to prevent bots from farming in virtual economies. I think we can afford to let AI and robots do our labor in reality but I don't think we want them playing our games for us."  Jon NeverDie Jacobs via interview with Coinshedule Blog "NEVERDIE - Names you need to Know in 2011." Forbes Magazine "NEVERDIE, a legendary adventurer, celebrity, and fabulously wealthy entrepreneur in the online world." Reuters "The Worlds First Cyber Superstar" Los Angeles Times "NEVERDIE to Rock Pop Culture!" BBC News "Political innovation can better thrive in open, fluid environments like AmeVRica that nurture experimentation and collaboration. In any case, the AmeVRica project should yield key insights into VR's usefulness as a tool for political and economic change."  Innovation and Tech today "Some people are willing to pay real money for certain items, because they do not have the time to produce a good, just as you can make your own clothes in real life, but you do not have the time, skill or Interest in producing it yourself."  Jon Jacobs via El Observador (Spanish) "First, we need to build an innovative world economy to generate new drivers of growth. Innovation holds the key to fundamentally unleashing the growth potential. The new round of scientific and industrial revolution with Internet at its core is gathering momentum, and new technologies such as artificial intelligence and virtual reality are developing by leaps and bounds," he said. "The combination of the virtual economy and the real economy will bring revolutionary changes to our way of work and way of life."  President of China via https://uploadvr.com/chinese-president-vr-b20/

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 20



NEVERDIE STUDIOS

"Licensed and original gaming artwork creation with authenticity and realsism."

Proven `Real Cash Economies' and Gamified VR Jobs

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and The Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 21



Section 1

NEVERDIE

ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN GAMING

Get access to your PAYATAR Wallet now

Our early access alpha is open and available to provide an initial look into gaming from a blockchain perspective and the full PAYATAR Wallet. www.neverdie.com Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and the Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 22



ICO RULES

"Transparency on every layer"

The NEVERDIE Proposition

ICO RULES

- In an effort to combat network load all purchases will be processed 24hrs after purchase. During each 24 hr period the exchange rate from ether to NDC will be executed at the Ether high for the day against the USD to avoid network load at Ether market peak times. - VR Gold and Silver Bonuses will be processed at the same time. - The ICO can be halted at any time if the total number of coins available has been exceeded. All ETH received after completion of the ICO will be refunded ASAP. - Maximum ICO time will be through July 31, after which the offering will be closed. - We will announce which token exchanges will carry NDC and TPT at the earliest opportunity.

Disclaimer: NEVERDIE Coins and Teleport Tokens do not represent ownership in any realworld companies. These tokens are designed to activate virtual utilities.

Copyright 2017 Neverdie Studios, Universal Studios and the Ethereum Foundation. Information contained with this document is provided in good faith with all copyright and trademarks acknowledged. Third party market research is provided copyright their respective organisations and is based on data collected to verify industry claims, market research, provide independent valuation, and the confirmation of security, accreditations, certification, IP, patents and trademarks. 23



