Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

Nimfamoney

ICO Whitepaper

v.1.0 17.07.2017 Max Tarasenko Nimfamoney Founder & CEO max@nimfamoney.io / maxnimfa@protonmail.ch (100% encrypted email)

1

Nimfamoney -- the world's first 100% decentralized cryptocurrency lending platform for token purchase on exchanges and ICOs for maximizing your personal profit.

(!!!) IMPORTANT NOTICE: YOU MUST FIRST READ AND AGREE WITH TERMS&CONDITIONS AND THE LEGAL DISCLAIMER ON PAGES 23-29.

IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO THE ACTION YOU SHOULD TAKE, YOU SHOULD FIRST CONSULT YOUR LEGAL, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVISOR(S).

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

Table of content

Page 3 -- Abstract Page 4 -- Why do you need to participate in Nimfamoney ICO? Page 6 -- How does it work? Page 8 -- Why is this profitable for you? Page 10 -- Where are these funds for cryptocurrency lending from? Page 12 -- Six reasons for you to benefit from our ICO

2

Page 13 -- Why will NIMFA token be growing in price? Page 14 -- Timeline of Nimfamoney project (Roadmap I) Page 15 -- Nimfamoney project development plan (Roadmap II) Page 16 -- NIMFA token's potential for the global community Page 18 -- Details about releasing NIMFA tokens on the ICO Page 19 -- Rewards for partners and for the global community Page 21 -- Nimfamoney team Page 22 -- Financial model Page 23 -- Terms & conditions. Legal disclaimer.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



0. Abstract



In the summer of 2017 a revolution in the blockchain sphere took place. Thousands of talented and hardworking enthusiasts all over the world started to launch their own companies based on this technology.



This was immediately followed by the second revolution: many of these newly-founded companies started to organize ICO (Initial Coin Offering), creating their own cryptocurrencies and offering them to the general public for raising funds to develop their projects.



Just imagine: a new company in a matter of (!)seconds attracts (!!)tens of



millions of dollars from (!!!)tens of thousands of people from numerous



countries. Isn't it a miracle that we were rewarded by 2017?



3



How many more blockchain companies will be launched in the coming years?



How many millions of people all over the world will use their services?



How many billions of dollars will the fastest investors earn?



Pay close attention to the fact that it is not the smartest, but the FASTEST who can WIN BIG from participating in companies' ICOs. How to do it? Buy cryptocurrencies that grow in price by 100%, 500%, 1000% within weeks and even days from as many new companies as possible.



ICO is an opportunity to get the profitability of 1000%+. We are launching Nimfamoney with the intent that you gain the maximum benefit of your investments in ICOs. We'll talk about it further. With us in a month you can earn more than others do in a year! Nobody wants to tell their grandchildren about missing such a great chance.



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

1. Why do you need to participate in Nimfamoney ICO?

Nimfamoney is the world's first cryptocurrency lending platform. Here you can borrow NIMFA tokens with a zero percent interest rate, use them to purchase tokens from other blockchain companies that come to an ICO, or directly at the exchange. You only pay for the access to an ICO and cryptocurrency markets + 10% of your profit at a closing of a position.

You don't have to sell your house, take a loan in a bank, borrow money from your friends, call your brother in the middle of the night with a request to lend you a couple of thousands for buying tokens from the company that is starting 4 an ICO in just an hour.

All you need is to participate in Nimfamoney ICO, get NIMFA tokens, and after our ICO you can get a loan three times bigger than the amount of all NIMFA tokens you would get on our ICO.

This is not a joke.

Every NIMFA token that you buy on the ICO in August 2017 allows you to borrow tokens for participating in new ICOs or for trading at the exchange without verifications and denials on our part or on any third party. All of these things are available in just minutes! P.S. This procedure is 100% decentralized!

While your neighbor owns 10000 units of cryptocurrency, you will get full 30000 units and beat him because you will have three times more resources to invest, and it will be you who hits the jackpot. You have always wanted to beat this bully who has been annoying you for a long time, haven't you? :)

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



Participate in Nimfamoney ICO and buy NIMFA tokens in August 2017



Every NIMFA token allows you to borrow 3 NIMFA tokens for participating in new ICOs and trading on exchanges



Deposit 3.3% of the amount of the loan



5



to receive 300% credit as the leverage and get borrowed tokens



Buy new tokens on exchanges and ICOs; pay back the loan + 10% of your profit at a closing of a position



Now you own new tokens that grow in price and that you purchased using 300% NIMFA tokens!

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

2. How does it work?

Here is a clear example that will illustrate how Nimfamoney cryptocurrency leverage works and will triple your personal profit from participating in the blockchain-companies' ICOs and trading on exchanges before 2018!

Let's say you are purchasing 1000 NIMFA tokens at an ICO (1 NIMFA = $5), and after the ICO you can borrow 3000 NIMFA tokens for purchasing other companies' tokens at the ICOs and on exchanges.

In order to get this loan of 3000 NIMFA (1 NIMFA = $5) you have to deposit 3.3% of the amount of the loan to get access to Nimfamoney.

For this, you are transferring 3.3% of the amount of your loan (given that the 6 loan is 3000 NIMFA ($15000), you should transfer $495). This amount goes to the decentralized Nimfamoney cryptocurrency loan fund.

After transferring 3.3% of the amount of your loan you are receiving 300% of your initial funds to your Nimfamoney account. That is, if you had only $5000 for trading at the exchange or for purchasing tokens at an ICO, with Nimfamoney loan you have $15000 (3000 NIMFA), three times more! With a loan of 3000 NIMFA you can purchase any tokens at new ICOs or at the exchange immediately. You are paying the loan back in a period of between 1 and 30 days by transferring 100% of your borrowed cryptocurrency (with a zero percent interest rate) and 10% of your profit at a closing of a position.

NB: All loans are provided for a period of between 1 and 30 days. This time is enough for participating in new ICOs and buying new cryptocurrency. The interest rate on the loan: 0%. You only pay a 10% commission on your actual income.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

Look how it works one more time:

You are applying for a NIMFA tokens loan of 300% of your initial NIMFA token funds purchased at the ICO

You are transferring an amount equal to 3.3% of the value of the loan; it is automatically moved to the decentralized cryptocurrency fund

7

You are receiving 300% tokens on credit and using them to purchase tokens of new companies at ICOs or at the exchange

You are paying back 100% of your borrowed tokens (the interest rate is 0%) and a commission of 10% on your profit at a closing of a position

You are repeating the procedure if you possess NIMFA tokens for purchasing new cryptocurrency at companies' ICOs or at the exchange

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



3. Why is this profitable for you?



Look at one more example that will ensure you that there are no traps or pitfalls here. That it is profitable for you in the first place (this is exactly what inspires us!).



Let's stick to the same figures: you get 3000 NIMFA tokens on credit ($15000) to purchase rapidly growing other companies' tokens at the ICOs or exchanges.



Suppose, you are purchasing tokens from 3 companies starting ICOs: AAB,



BBC, and CCD (they are fictitious, any resemblance is purely coincidental).



8



Imagine that the price of each type of cryptocurrency you have bought for



the borrowed tokens doubles within 10 days.



Now it turns out that with expenditures at the ICOs you invested 3000 NIMFA ($15000), and 10 days later their cost is 6000 NIMFA ($30000). Can you now imagine the possibilities that NIMFA token loans open to you?



The question arises: wouldn't it be easier to purchase tokens at an ICO using your own cryptocurrency instead of borrowed NIMFA tokens? Answer: if you trade at the exchange or ICO with your own cryptocurrency you will be limited in funds and your revenue will be lower.



Imagine that you found highly beneficial tokens for purchase, but you own only $5000. And you know that their price will be doubled or more in the next 10 days. Not to miss your best opportunities, we triple your funds with a loan from Nimfamoney.



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



Your investments without us Your profit with Nimfamoney



$5000 you have for investing in cryptocurrency



$5000 you have in NIMFA tokens on your balance



You are borrowing NIMFA



tokens valued at $15000 paying



--



3.3% of the amount of the loan



($495) to take it



You are purchasing 3 new tokens at an ICO/exchange with your $5000



You are purchasing 3 new tokens at an ICO/exchange with borrowed

NIMFA tokens valued at $15000



9

The 3 new cryptocurrencies increase The 3 new cryptocurrencies increase



in value by 100% in 10 days:



in value by 100% in 10 days:



$5000 >>> $10000



$15000 >>> $30000



You are paying back NIMFA



--



tokens valued at $15000 + 10%



of your profit ($15000  $1500



commission = $13500)



Your profit for 10 days is $5000



With already paid $495 entrance fee your net income for 10 days is $13005



$13005  $5000 = $8005



--



Your additional profit: $8005



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

4. Where are these funds for cryptocurrency lending from?

Starting the ICO, 100% of all NIMFA tokens will be distributed this way: 10% gets a project development team; 20% are sold on the ICO; 5% are a reward (bounty) for those who participate in the referral program; 5% are a reserve fund, out of which commissions are paid: gas; 60% are for collecting funds for future cryptocurrency lending.

10

Let's make simple calculations with you. Let's suppose that the sales of 20% NIMFA tokens at the ICO are $100,000,000.

So 60% of NIMFA tokens = $300,000,000 (1 NIMFA = $5) are available for cryptocurrency lending for those who purchased NIMFA tokens at the ICO. The total amount of the loan fund is 300% of the sales of tokens at the ICO. That is what will let you get loans 3 times exceeding the cost of NIMFA tokens that were purchased by you at the ICO.

Are there any guarantees that you won't steal 60% of the funds from which the loan fund consists of? That is a fair question.

During the ICO 60% of all NIMFA tokens are transferred to the 100% decentralized cryptocurrency loan fund. After the ICO is finished these funds remain in the 100% decentralized cryptocurrency loan fund that is protected from withdrawals by Nimfamoney team. That's the way we protect you and ourselves... from ourselves making the cryptocurrency loan fund 100% decentralized and not depending on a narrow circle of persons.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



The distribution of 100% NIMFA tokens:

10% -- Team (current and future) (Team).

20% -- NIMFA token buyers at the ICO (Fundraiser).

60% -- Credit funds in NIMFA tokens (the decentralized cryptocurrency loan fund) (Cryptocredit).

5% -- Reserve fund of paying all commissions (gas) for the borrowers (saving cryptocurrency) (Provision fund).

5% -- A reward for partners: further details on page 19 (Bounty).

The distribution of 100% attracted funds on ICO:

55% -- Development of the cryptocurrency lending platform (Software development).

15% -- Marketing (Marketing).

15% -- Operational expenses on managing the platform (Operational expenses).

5% -- A reserve fund of paying all commissions (gas) while developing and maintaining the platform (Provision fund).

5% -- Expenses on legal services and supporting cryptolending transactions (Legal).

5% -- Unexpected expenses (Unexpected).



Team (10%) Fundraiser (20%) Cryptocredit (60%) Provision fund (5%) Bounty (5%)

11

Software development (55%) Marketing (15%) Operational expenses (15%) Provision fund (5%) Legal (5%) Unexpected (5%)



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

5. Six reasons for you to benefit from our ICO



100% confidential NIMFA token lending procedure without personal data collection



No verifications and denials, 100% automated cryptocurrency lending with a zero % interest rate (only 10% commission on profit)

12



Receive up to 260%* of additional income from each investment made with borrowed NIMFA tokens



Decentralized and automatically replenished cryptocurrency loan fund is without control by one organization



Triple profit for you: each NIMFA token bought on the ICO allows you to borrow 3 tokens



2.5%* bonus in NIMFA tokens from all NIMFA token purchases made on the ICO by the persons you invite for participating on ICO



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



6. Why will NIMFA token be growing in price?



Suppose that the value of 20 000 000 issued at the ICO NIMFA tokens is $100 000 000. After obtaining a NIMFA token loan valued at, let's say, 30000 NIMFA you should pay back the same 30000 NIMFA (0% interest rate).



100% of the loan principal (30000 NIMFA, 1 NIMFA = $5) + 3.3% of the



amount of the loan ($495) paid in the beginning are automatically transferred



to the 100% decentralized cryptocurrency loan fund. This means that



the overall available amount of the fund increases with each repayment,



increasing each NIMFA token value proportionally.



13



Given that the current value of 20 000 000 NIMFA tokens that are in circulation is $100 000 000, in one year with the same amount of 20 000 000 NIMFA tokens in circulation and growing caused by constant payments to the fund, its value can reach $1 000 000 000, or even $10 000 000 000 depending on number of loans.



This is why cryptocurrency loan fund value will be increasing exponentially. And 10000 NIMFA tokens allowing you to borrow 30000 NIMFA tokens valued at $15000 in September 2017 in a matter of one year can turn into the same 30000 tokens, but valued at $150000, readily accessible for a loan for their holder.



The beauty of the whole scheme is that it is 100% decentralized. No single state, or bank, or elite circle of people can govern these NIMFA tokens accessible for lending, which provides utmost transparency and honesty... That's what we all have been looking forward to since Babylon.



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



7. Timeline of Nimfamoney project (Roadmap I)



July 2016: The idea of creating decentralized platform for cryptocurrency lending incorporating blockchain technology.



August to December 2016: Cryptocurrency exchange analysis and consultations with the experts.



January to March 2017:



Interaction with potential borrowers for feedback and formulation of value



propositions.



14



April to May 2017: Attracting the first potential borrowers into participation.



June to July 2017: Meetings with the borrowers to get a better understanding of their needs and streamlining the decentralized cryptocurrency lending platform.



August 2017: Conducting the ICO campaign and issuing NIMFA tokens for the launch of the first cryptocurrency lending platform to help the investors in purchasing profitable tokens and getting maximum benefit.



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

8. Nimfamoney project development plan (Roadmap II)

September to December 2017: Listing NIMFA on exchanges. Issuing 10,000 NIMFA cryptocurrency loans. January to February 2018: Receiving feedback from the borrowers and using it to improve the cryptocurrency lending platform. Spring and Summer 2018: Development and implementation of strategies to address reduction of uncertainty and risk management of NIMFA token exchange rate volatility 15 for NIMFA holders and borrowers. Fall to Winter 2018: Issuing 10,000,000 NIMFA cryptocurrency loans for 20172018. 2019 to 2020: Establishing NIMFA token as a core instrument for cryptocurrency lending in the global blockchain community. 2020 to 2080: Nimfamoney on its way to singularity! 2080 : Singularity!

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

9. NIMFA token's potential for the global community

16

Source: https://howmuch.net/articles/worlds-money-in-perspective The fact that the role of cryptocurrency will strengthen in the international community, and it will become a solid mean of payment in the years to come is already well understood by most people in the blockchain community and beyond it. Looking at the scale above the possibilities take our breath away.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

Answering the question: What's the potential of NIMFA token for the global blockchain community, and what profit can you get from it? it should be noted that the cryptocurrency that we are issuing at the ICO in August 2017 integrates into a general blockchain landscape; it does not become a substitute or a complete compensation for anything within it. Accordingly, the variations in its cost and/or value correlate to the value of cryptocurrency in general and blockchain technologies

You, as a NIMFA token holder can enjoy all the advantages of what is called network effect which means that with the growth of the platform the benefit will increase for all its participants.

How will you benefit from it?

NIMFA tokens will become a universal means of cryptocurrency lending in the global blockchain community. Moving from one owner to another, community members will be exchanging the right for NIMFA tokens loans from the decentralized cryptocurrency lending fund. This means that the one 17 who owns more NIMFA tokens has more possibilities for receiving these loans via the Nimfamoney platform.

Along with your profits, we, in turn, are going to follow blockchain philosophy and provide maximally decentralized system, refraining from power concentration and positive impact on small number of individuals. For this, we are imposing a restriction on a number of NIMFA tokens for one person; you will find further information about this on the next page.

The overall level of the cryptocurrency lending fund will grow each month (again, more details about this are on the next page).

Here we come to the final answer to the question about the potential.

The value of each NIMFA token will be increasing over time because they are interrelated with the level of the fund. For example, today one NIMFA token allows you to borrow 3 NIMFA tokens at a rate $5 each; and it can be 3 NIMFA tokens at $15 each in one year.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



10. Details about releasing NIMFA tokens at the ICO



The total number of NIMFA tokens placed at the ICO in August 2017 is: 20 000 000 NIMFA tokens (20% of all NIMFA tokens amount). The value of 1 NIMFA is set at the level of $5. Thus, a common pool of NIMFA tokens placed at the ICO can have the following cost by the end of it: 20 000 000 NIMFA x $5 = $100 000 000.



During the ICO Nimfamoney imposes 100000 NIMFA tokens limit on 1 person.



That is equal to $500000. This step is being taken to decentralize the rights



on getting loans among the holders of NIMFA tokens which are going to be



purchased at the ICO in August 2017.



18



Thus, the maximum sum of NIMFA tokens in the amount of 100000 gives their holder the right to borrow 300000 NIMFA tokens (or $1500000) after the ICO and if he has these 100000 tokens in NIMFA tokens at the time of request for a loan.



The total amount of token sales by the end of the ICO directly correlates to the size of the cryptocurrency lending fund. And if 20% of all NIMFA tokens traded at the ICO in the amount of 20 000 000 NIMFA tokens: $100 000 000 are sold so the total fund can be $300 000 000 which will be available for cryptocurrency lending for those who bought NIMFA tokens at the ICO.



The final amount of the lending fund will be 300% of all sales of tokens at the ICO whether 20 000 000 NIMFA tokens will be sold or not during the ICO.



This is exactly what will let you get loans 3 times exceeding the cost of the tokens bought at the ICO.



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

11. Rewards for partners and for the global community

Nimfamoney declares the 17th of July 2017 to the 29th of August 2017 as the time for attracting potential partners and members of the blockchain community for promoting NIMFA token ICO following by bounty payments for everyone who in fact helps sell NIMFA tokens.

Nimfamoney has a trilateral referral bounty-payment system including: 1) Nimfamoney; 2) partners; 3) persons involved in NIMFA token purchasing at the ICO by the partners. To receive free NIMFA tokens we offer you to tell everyone who you think would be interested in about Nimfamoney ICO: you can get bonus NIMFA tokens when your friends purchase NIMFA tokens.

19

Once you register on www.nimfamoney.io, you will receive a unique referral link to invite your friends for NIMFA tokens. Every visitor who goes through your referral link and registers on www.nimfamoney.io will be affiliated as your referral potential partner with his account information linked to you.

You can invite your partners using your referral link even before the ICO starts. NIMFA token purchases and bonus evaluation are calculated only for the purchases made during the ICO.

When one or several of your partners (their number is unlimited) go through your referral link, register on www.nimfamoney.io, and in fact purchase NIMFA tokens at the ICO, each of you (both you and your referral partner) will receive 2.5% of the NIMFA token purchase amount. The amount of bonus NIMFA tokens allocated to the bounty is limited to 5 000 000 (5% of total NIMFA tokens amount); they will be paid to you and your partners within 30 days after the ICO.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

Register on www.nimfamoney.io and get a personal referral link



Send your referral link to the unlimited number of your friends whose registration will be linked to your account

20

The partners that you invite purchase NIMFA tokens during the official period of the ICO



You receive 2.5% of the total NIMFA token purchase amount made by all

your referral partners at the ICO



Your referral partners will also receive 2.5% of their NIMFA token purchases as a bonus



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

12. Nimfamoney team



Max Tarasenko Nimfamoney Founder & CEO

max@nimfamoney.io maxnimfa@protonmail.ch

Max Tarasenko is an experienced entrepreneur who has founded a number

of companies in Russia and Europe (Czech Republic). Max also worked in Allianz: world's largest insurance company. https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxtar https://www.facebook.com/imaxtar



Dan Suvorov CTO (Chief Technology Officer)

dan@nimfamoney.io

Dan Suvorov is an experienced full-stack developer with more than 5 years of 21 programming with PHP, Java, Node.JS,

JS(JQuery). And of course CSS and HTML.

https://www.facebook.com/dsuvorov



Vlad Pezhemskii Lead blockchain-developer

vlad@nimfamoney.io



Alex Kharchevnikov CMO (Chief Marketing Officer)

alex@nimfamoney.io



Vlad is a Solidity-expert. With 11+ years in coding he used PHP in most of his projects. Vlad builds Nimfamoney's smart contracts. https://www.facebook.com/vlad.pezhemsky



Alex is an experienced digital marketer with deep expertise in viral marketing. Alex attracts

new users to Nimfamoney platform. https://www.facebook.com/AlexanderNimfamoney



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



13. Financial model



How is the income from the loans on Nimfamoney cryptocurrency lending platform distributed? As stated above, the cost of a loan: 0% for a period of between 1 and 30 days (this is an interest-free loan).



To get a loan in NIMFA tokens deposit 3.3% of the desired amount of the loan to get access to the platform. This sum automatically gets to the cryptocurrency loan fund for further loans for NIMFA token holders. For example: $15000 (the principal amount of a loan) + $495 (3,3% paid for the access) are sent to Nimfamoney cryptocurrency loan fund.



When you get a loan to purchase new tokens at ICOs or at the exchange,



22



and you generate an income over 100% of the amount of the loan while



using borrowed funds, you pay a 10% commission on your actual income.



For example, borrowing $15000 and earning $30000 in 10 days, you pay back



a loan ($15000) and 10% commission on your actual income ($15000 - $1500



= $13500).



Nimfamoney platform DOESN'T PROVIDE a dividend model. NIMFA token holders DON'T SHARE THE PROFITS RECEIVED as a commission on the income from borrowed funds.



Relating NIMFA token to this simple function -- a function of cryptocurrency lending -- we consciously put limitations on the creating blockchain architecture and protect NIMFA token holders from ambiguity about what for they own these tokens, use them and what value they have purchasing them further at cryptocurrency exchanges.



NIMFA token can become a universal lending instrument in the global cryptocurrency ecosystem, empowering people and blockchain-organizations to get loans in NIMFA tokens.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



14. Terms & conditions. Legal disclaimer.



The NIMFA tokens are not intended to constitute securities in any jurisdiction. This



Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not



intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in



any jurisdiction. This Whitepaper does not constitute or form part of any opinion on any



advice to sell, or any solicitation of any offer by the distributor/vendor of the NIMFA



tokens (the "Distributor") to purchase any NIMFA tokens nor shall it or any part of it nor



the fact of its presentation form the basis of, or be relied upon in connection with, any



contract or investment decision. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding



legal commitment in relation to the sale and purchase of the NIMFA tokens and no



cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this



Whitepaper. Any agreement as between the Distributor and you as a purchaser, and in



relation to any sale and purchase, of NIMFA tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to



be governed by only a separate document setting out the terms and conditions



23



(the "T&Cs") of such agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and



this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail.



You are not eligible and you are not to purchase any NIMFA tokens in the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore.



No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.



There are risks and uncertainties associated with Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale.



This Whitepaper, any part thereof and any copy thereof must not be taken or transmitted to any country where distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper is prohibited or restricted. No part of this Whitepaper is to be reproduced, distributed or disseminated without including this section and the following sections entitled:

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA

"Disclaimer of Liability", "No Advice", "No Offer of Securities Or Registration", "No Further Information or Update", "No Representations and Warranties", "Representations and Warranties By You", "Market and Industry Information and No Consent of Other Persons", "Restrictions On Distribution and Dissemination", "Risks and Uncertainties" and "Cautionary Note On Forward-Looking Statements".

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY: To the maximum extent permitted by the applicable laws, regulations and rules, Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor shall not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you.

NO ADVICE: No information in this Whitepaper should be considered to be business, legal, financial or tax advice regarding Nimfamoney, the Distributor, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax or other professional adviser regarding Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token. You should be aware that you may be required to bear the financial risk of any purchase of NIMFA tokens for an indefinite period of time.

NO OFFER OF SECURITIES OR REGISTRATION: This Whitepaper does not constitute a 24 prospectus or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities or a solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction. No person is bound to enter into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper. Any agreement in relation to any sale and purchase of NIMFA tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) is to be governed by only the T&Cs of such agreement and no other document. In the event of any inconsistencies between the T&Cs and this Whitepaper, the former shall prevail. You are not eligible to purchase any NIMFA tokens in the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale (as referred to in this Whitepaper) if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore. No regulatory authority has examined or approved of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper. No such action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with.

NO FURTHER INFORMATION OR UPDATE: No person has been or is authorized to give any information or representation not contained in this Whitepaper in connection with Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale, and, if given, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by or on behalf of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor. The Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale (as referred to in

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



the Whitepaper) shall not, under any circumstances, constitute a continuing representation or create any suggestion or implication that there has been no change, or development reasonably likely to involve a material change in the affairs, conditions and prospects of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor or in any statement of fact or information contained in this Whitepaper since the date hereof.



NO REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES: Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor does not make or purport to make, and hereby disclaims, any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever to any entity or person, including any representation, warranty or undertaking in relation to the truth, accuracy and completeness of any of the information set out in this Whitepaper.



REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES BY YOU: By accessing and/or accepting possession of any information in this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be), you represent and warrant to Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor as follows:



(a) you agree and acknowledge that the NIMFA tokens do not constitute securities in any form in any jurisdiction;



(b) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper does not constitute a prospectus



or offer document of any sort and is not intended to constitute an offer of securities in any



jurisdiction or a solicitation for investment in securities and you are not bound to enter



into any contract or binding legal commitment and no cryptocurrency or other form



25



of payment is to be accepted on the basis of this Whitepaper;



(c) you agree and acknowledge that no regulatory authority has examined or approved of the information set out in this Whitepaper, no action has been or will be taken under the laws, regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction and the publication, distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper to you does not imply that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied with;



(d) you agree and acknowledge that this Whitepaper, the undertaking and/or the completion of the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale, or future trading of the NIMFA tokens on any cryptocurrency exchange, shall not be construed, interpreted or deemed by you as an indication of the merits of the Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale;



(e) the distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper, any part thereof or any copy thereof, or acceptance of the same by you, is not prohibited or restricted by the applicable laws, regulations or rules in your jurisdiction, and where any restrictions in relation to possession are applicable, you have observed and complied with all such restrictions at your own expense and without liability to Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor;



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



(f) you agree and acknowledge that in the case where you wish to purchase any NIMFA tokens, the NIMFA tokens are not to be construed, interpreted, classified or treated as:



(i) any kind of currency other than cryptocurrency;



(ii) debentures, stocks or shares issued by any person or entity (whether Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor)



(i) rights, options or derivatives in respect of such debentures, stocks or shares;



(ii) rights under a contract for differences or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to secure a profit or avoid a loss;



(iii) units in a collective investment scheme;



(iv) units in a business trust;



(v) derivatives of units in a business trust; or



(vi) any other security or class of securities.



(g) you are fully aware of and understand that you are not eligible to purchase any NIMFA



tokens if you are a citizen, resident (tax or otherwise) or green card holder of the United



26



States of America or a citizen or resident of the Republic of Singapore;



(h) you have a basic degree of understanding of the operation, functionality, usage, storage, transmission mechanisms and other material characteristics of cryptocurrencies, blockchain-based software systems, cryptocurrency wallets or other related token storage mechanisms, blockchain technology and smart contract technology;



(i) you are fully aware and understand that in the case where you wish to purchase any NIMFA tokens, there are risks associated with Nimfamoney and the Distributor and their respective business and operations, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale;



(j) you agree and acknowledge that neither Nimfamoney nor the Distributor is liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data), arising out of or in connection with any acceptance of or reliance on this Whitepaper or any part thereof by you; and



(k) all of the above representations and warranties are true, complete, accurate and nonmisleading from the time of your access to and/or acceptance of possession this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be).



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



MARKET AND INDUSTRY INFORMATION AND NO CONSENT OF OTHER



PERSONS: This Whitepaper includes market and industry information and forecasts that



have been obtained from internal surveys, reports and studies, where appropriate, as well



as market research, publicly available information and industry publications. Such surveys,



reports, studies, market research, publicly available information and publications generally



state that the information that they contain has been obtained from sources believed to be



reliable, but there can be no assurance as to the accuracy or completeness of such



included information. Save for Nimfamoney, the Distributor and their respective directors,



executive officers and employees, no person has provided his or her consent to the



inclusion of his or her name and/or other information attributed or perceived to be



attributed to such person in connection therewith in this Whitepaper and no



representation, warranty or undertaking is or purported to be provided as to the accuracy



or completeness of such information by such person and such persons shall not be



obliged to provide any updates on the same. While Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor



have taken reasonable actions to ensure that the information is extracted accurately and in



its proper context, Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor have not conducted any



independent review of the information extracted from third party sources, verified the



accuracy or completeness of such information or ascertained the underlying economic



assumptions relied upon therein. Consequently, neither Nimfamoney, the Distributor, nor



their respective directors, executive officers and employees acting on their behalf makes



any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of such information



and shall not be obliged to provide any updates on the same.



27



RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION AND DISSEMINATION: The distribution or dissemination of this Whitepaper or any part thereof may be prohibited or restricted by the laws, regulatory requirements and rules of any jurisdiction. In the case where any restriction applies, you are to inform yourself about, and to observe, any restrictions which are applicable to your possession of this Whitepaper or such part thereof (as the case may be) at your own expense and without liability to Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor. Persons to whom a copy of this Whitepaper has been distributed or disseminated, provided access to or who otherwise have the Whitepaper in their possession shall not circulate it to any other persons, reproduce or otherwise distribute this Whitepaper or any information contained herein for any purpose whatsoever nor permit or cause the same to occur.



RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES: Prospective purchasers of NIMFA tokens (as referred to in this Whitepaper) should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties associated with Nimfamoney, the Distributor and their respective businesses and operations, the NIMFA tokens, the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale and the Nimfamoney Wallet (each as referred to in the Whitepaper), all information set out in this Whitepaper and the T&Cs prior to any purchase of NIMFA tokens. If any of such risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor could be materially and adversely affected. In such cases, you may lose all or part of the value of the NIMFA tokens.

www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



CAUTIONARY NOTE ON FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS: All statements contained in this Whitepaper, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the public and oral statements that may be made by Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor or their respective directors, executive officers or employees acting on behalf of Nimfamoney or the Distributor (as the case may be), that are not statements of historical fact, constitute "forwardlooking statements". Some of these statements can be identified by forward-looking terms such as "aim", "target", "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "if", "intend", "may", "plan", "possible", "probable", "project", "should", "would", "will" or other similar terms. However, these terms are not the exclusive means of identifying forward-looking statements.



All statements regarding Nimfamoney's and/or the Distributor's financial position, business strategies, plans and prospects and the future prospects of the industry which Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor is in are forward-looking statements. These forwardlooking statements, including but not limited to statements as to Nimfamoney's and/or the Distributor's revenue and profitability, prospects, future plans, other expected industry trends and other matters discussed in this Whitepaper regarding Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor are matters that are not historic facts, but only predictions.



These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and



other factors that may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of



28



Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor to be materially different from any future results,



performance or achievements expected, expressed or implied by such forward-looking



statements. These factors include, amongst others:



1) changes in political, social, economic and stock or cryptocurrency market conditions, and the regulatory environment in the countries in which Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor conducts its respective businesses and operations;



2) the risk that Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor may be unable or execute or implement their respective business strategies and future plans;



3) changes in the anticipated growth strategies and expected internal growth of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor;



4) changes in the availability and fees payable to Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor in connection with their respective businesses and operations;



5) changes in the availability and salaries of employees who are required by Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor to operate their respective businesses and operations;



6) changes in preferences of customers of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor;



www.nimfamoney.io



Nimfamoney ICO. Token: NIMFA



7) changes in competitive conditions under which Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor operate, and the ability of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor to compete under such conditions;



8) changes in the future capital needs of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor and the availability of financing and capital to fund such needs;



9) war or acts of international or domestic terrorism;



10) occurrences of catastrophic events and natural disasters that affect the businesses and/or operations of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor;



11) other factors beyond the control of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor; and



12) any risk and uncertainties associated with Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor and their businesses and operations, the NIMFA tokens and the Nimfamoney Initial Token Sale.



All forward-looking statements made by or attributable to Nimfamoney and/or the



Distributor or persons acting on behalf of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor are



expressly qualified in their entirety by such factors. Given that risks and uncertainties that



may cause the actual future results, performance or achievements of Nimfamoney and/or



the Distributor to be materially different from that expected, expressed or implied by the



forward-looking statements in this Whitepaper, undue reliance must not be placed on



29



these statements. These forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date of



this Whitepaper. Neither Nimfamoney, the Distributor nor any other person represents,



warrants and/or undertakes that the actual future results, performance or achievements of



Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor will be as discussed in those forward-looking



statements. The actual results, performance or achievements of Nimfamoney and/or the



Distributor may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking



statements.



Nothing contained in this Whitepaper is or may be relied upon as a promise, representation or undertaking as to the future performance or policies of Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor. Further, Nimfamoney and/or the Distributor disclaim any responsibility to update any of those forward-looking statements or publicly announce any revisions to those forward-looking statements to reflect future developments, events or circumstances, even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.



www.nimfamoney.io



