ENG



Node



Welcome to Wireless Future

Intelligent technology for wireless energy



NODE WHITEPAPER

CONTENT



1. Introduction



2



2. Idea Development



3



3. Technology



4



4. Product Line-up (current)



6



Alpha Eon



5. Product Line-up (Development plan)



9



Automotive Drones Wireless Charging Healthcare



6. Market Overview



11



7. Node Competitive Advantage



14



8. Roadmap



16



9. Team



17



10. Investment Opportunity



20



Redemption



Discount Program



Positive Dynamics of Node Tokens Demand



11. ITO Parameters



23



Pre-ITO



ITO



Technical Implementation of Token and ITO Procedure



Distribution of Collected Funds



12. Finance



25



Finances and Legal Aspects



13. Risks Disclaimer



27



Technological Risks Risks Associated with ITO



INTRODUCTION

Node is a revolutionary high-tech start-up, which disrupts a market niche of wireless transmission devices for both private and commercial use.

Our innovative developments, research activities in the eld of storage and transmission of electricity, allow us to o er solutions that are characterized by high quality and e ciency of use.

As the presence of wireless power transfer technology increases in consumer electronics, the industrial and medical industries are shifting focus towards this technology and its inherent advantages. As communication interfaces are becoming increasingly wireless with technologies like WLAN and Bluetooth, wireless power transfer has become a relevant option. Completely new approaches can be taken that not only o er obvious technical advantages, but also open up possibilities for new industrial design. This technology o ers new concepts - especially in industrial sectors struggling with tough environmental conditions, aggressive cleaning agents, heavy soiling and high mechanical stresses (e.g. ATEX, medicine, construction machines). For instance, expensive and susceptible slip rings or contacts can be substituted. Another eld of application is with transformers, which have to satisfy special requirements, such as reinforced or double-layered insulation.

In 2017, the Node brand was created in order to implement the idea of the project, register the intellectual property rights, and attract key specialists in the field of wireless energy transmission, in order to take part in the development of the products. Today, it offers the market a number of technical solutions in the field of wireless energy transmission - from consumer electronics to industrial products. The process of creating products using technologies originating Node, has passed the stage from experimental studies to the creation and successful final testing of prototype devices. The project's ITO (Initial Token Offering), presented by Node, is a fundraising operation aimed at the commercialization of technology and continuous production of devices.

2



IDEA DEVELOPMENT

On the basis of several discoveries in the field of high frequency pulsed electromagnetic fields made in the 70s-80s, it was proposed that it was possible to transfer energy through the magnetic moments of the atoms of matter, which was the starting point for Node's research. Node was created with the goal of developing and implementing commercial use of a new technology of wireless energy transmission, which was developed and tested several years ago by a team of physicists from Russia. Prior to this, from October 2012 until May 2016, a number of studies were conducted in the field of semiconductor materials, ceramic materials and their interaction with electromagnetic high-frequency impulse fields by team members. Gradually, various experimental proofs of the phenomenon of energy transmission through the magnetic moments of the atoms of matter were obtained, and the conditions were defined under which such a transmission takes place. At the same time, a decision to commercialize this technology was made. From May 2016 until March 2017, the project team created possible technological solutions for commercial use, schemes were developed, and components were selected. A month later, a successful final testing of several prototypes of devices from 1W to 150W was carried out. In the period from May until July 2017, a design concept was developed, materials and technologies were selected for the production line of consumer products. In May 2017, the legal registration of the company was carried out, a settlement account was opened, the domain name and hosting were purchased, and an active search for funding sources was initiated.

3



TECHNOLOGY

In general, two fundamentally different schemes are being explored and improved upon by the scientists:

1. In an induction coil or an electric transformer, which have a metal or air core, the energy is transferred by a simple electromagnetic connection called magnetic induction. Using this method, the transmission and reception of energy became feasible at a considerable distance, but to obtain a significant voltage in this way it was necessary to arrange two coils very close to each other.

2. A magnetic/capacitive resonant coupling is used, where both inductors are tuned to a mutual frequency, so that a considerable amount of energy can be transmitted over a considerable distance.

The essence of the promising technology from Node is the imposition of several electromagnetic waves in the form of impulses of different duration and frequency to each other, after which these waves pass through a special ferroelectric material and an electromagnetic lens from the structured metamaterial.

By creating, with the help of short (nanosecond) high-frequency impulses of several electromagnetic waves, the conditions under which the atoms of matter pass into an excited state can transfer energy through absolutely any media. The higher the density of the medium, the higher the energy transfer coefficient. The transformation of energy occurs by creating conditions under which free (excited) electrons matter (semiconductor, metal) acquire an additional impulse and begin to move under the action of an electric field.

As a result, the outgoing signal acquires such properties of the electromagnetic wave that this allows it to pass through the materials while not being scattered at the same time, and also transmit electromagnetic energy over very long distances.

It's well known that different materials have different degrees of absorption of electromagnetic waves, and metals completely absorb energy acting as protective screens. For example, a thin foil can completely absorb an electromagnetic wave. But with Node technology, almost all materials (including metals) are perceived as transparent, which has little effect on the range and power of the transmitted energy. Due to these features, it's possible to transmit electricity for later use or storage, over long distances and through various materials and environments without significant losses.

4



Advantages of Node technology



Receiving surfaces (antennas) of any shape

Energy is transmitted in space ( eld), regardless of the position of the receiver in it

Large distance of energy transfer



Absolute protection against dust and moisture

Energy transfer while the receiver is moving



The possibilities for using this technology are practically limitless. The technology can be built into any electronic devices without significant changes in size, weight, aesthetic appeal, etc. It also integrates directly into the controllers of lithium-ion batteries.

Transmitting devices have less weight and dimensions than existing analogues, and can be manufactured in virtually any design, including flexible shapes and various thicknesses. In addition, the generated energy can vary from milliwatts to powerful energy levels of tens of megawatts.

The technology has a low internal energy consumption, provides almost a complete energy transmission with efficiency of about 90%. In addition, it's completely silent, does not create distortion and electromagnetic interference. Unlike the induction solutions available on the market, Node technology doesn't have limitations on the location of the receiving device with respect to the device that transmits energy. The receiving device can be freely located in all coordinates with respect to signal transmission in the existing coverage area.

The possibility to transfer energy from one device to an unlimited number of devices in proportion to the power consumption of each is available. For example, it's possible to transfer energy from a device with a maximum power of 100W to 10 devices of 10W, or 20 devices of 5W. If there are devices with different power consumption in the transmission area, the energy is distributed equally, depending on the distance and power of each device. It's possible to transmit energy when the receiving device is moving in the range of the signal.

5



We're going to offer the market a number of technical solutions in the field of wireless energy transmission - from consumer electronics to industrial products

Node SIA



Consumer Electronics



Industry Solutions



charging



Automotive industry



station

Wireless Power Station Charging station for oor/

wall mounting



Drones/Quadcopters Health care



Solutions for consumer electronics are represented by two devices 

6



1. Alpha

Flexible stylish pad for wireless charging of electronic devices.

Allows to charge portable electronics, mobile phones, smartwatches, tablets, laptops and cameras. Does not consume power in standby mode. Slim and flexible design ensures the convenience of folding, transporting and storing the device. A large charging surface area allows several devices to be serviced simultaneously or located on top of each other. When charging multiple devices, the power transmitted to each device decreases in proportion to the total power consumption (per device). Contains a standard USB power adapter for any device. Provides three types of wireless receivers: micro-USB, Lightning and USB Type-C.

Speci cations:

Target price ~ $99

Surface area 300x200mm

Transmitted power up to 10W

USB 5V power supply

7



2. Eon

Wireless charging station for desktop placement. Small dimensions. It's capable of transmitting energy within a radius of up to 1 meter. Being at an altitude of up to 200 mm from the level of the surface on which it is located. Wireless Power Pod provides charging of several devices simultaneously and is equipped with automatic power control.

Speci cations: Target price ~ $159 Transmitted power - up to 150W Power supply - 220V Dimensions - 100x70mm

8



Solutions for the industry is the Node's strategic goal. They can be implemented in different areas: production, construction, agriculture, energy, security and many others. Now, the company conducts research in the following areas:

1. Automotive

The solution from Node allows for faster and more convenient charging of electric vehicles. It's enough to place the receiving device under asphalt, for example, parking and on the inside surface of the body; the vehicle will be ready for charging. The body itself can act as a receiver. This method is safe, affordable and environmentally friendly, and also as simple and fast as refueling a gasoline car on a regular gas station.

2. Drones wireless charging

Wireless charging and power technology provide multiple advantages over traditional connectors and docking systems, not only for unmanned systems, but also for industrial robotics. Moving on the surface, or passing areas where there is a signal, the robot can be charged from our wireless device.

Drones and quadcopters can be continuously recharged from wireless charging stations on the route. No need to connect the drone now to the connector or have a special bar for charging. There is an opportunity to create a distributed delivery network with the help of drones, for example, by placing the charging stations on houses.

3. Healthcare

Node is actively engaged in the research and development of new sensors for non-invasive determinations of the chemical composition of liquids and media. By using new methods of signal transmission through various media and collecting information on the change of these signals at different resonant frequencies, it's possible to determine with sufficient accuracy the presence and quantity of chemical elements and compounds in a certain volume of the medium space.

Using special algorithms, it's possible to determine deviations of environmental parameters from standard values and transmit this information. This allows for obtaining reliable and accurate data on the state of the environment in real time, remotely and with low power consumption.

This is a demanded product, which is extremely necessary in the medical industry, for example: to create devices that determine the chemical composition of blood, and also designed to control blood sugar levels, etc. Therefore, Node's technological solutions are widely used in medicine.

9



Starting with the maintenance of electronics for care and monitoring of health, ending with the supply of implanted devices, sensors and measuring devices. Implanted microsensors that run on batteries do not require a connection and can be easily recharged by simply placing them to the charging transmitter through the body. These types of solutions are under development and would be presented later in 2018. And much more.

There are no limits of what we can do with Nodes technology



Households



HoReCa



Travel



HoReCa



Industrial Manufacture Robots



Retail



Consumer Electrinics



Drones

Healthcare HoReCa

IOT

Facilities Microelectronics and Components

Industrial

Automotive



10



MARKET OVERVIEW

Achievements and innovations in the technological sphere, as well as an increase in production of automotive, household, portable electronics, mobile phones, notebooks, tablets and other energy-dependent products will, without doubts, increase and maintain the level of demand for wireless energy transfer systems. Due to the availability of wireless charging technologies, the use of various energy-dependent devices is simpli ed and at the same time, more effective.

The introduction of wireless power transmission prolongs the product life cycle, reduces the need for power cables and waste management. Although wireless technology is not created with environmental care purposes, it is certainly e ective in this regard and will have a very positive in uence on the environment. Its impact on devices and the external environment, can be certainly attributed to an ecologically clean kind.

Wireless energy transmission market



Type of



Transmission



Technology



Use



transmission



radius



Electromagnetic induction

Electromagnetic radiation

Electrical conductivity

Other



Devices with battery

Devices without battery



Small Intermediate

Wide Other



Consumer electronics

Industry

Automotive construction Health care

Defense

Other



11



Revenues from wireless energy transmission products were estimated at approximately 2.43 billion USD, the largest portion of which was the segment of consumer electronics.

It is expected that by 2022 the market of wireless transmission devices will grow to 11.27 billion USD, an increase of 23.15% between 2017 and 2022. In addition, with the help of e orts and innovations in various areas of this industry, it's quite possible to achieve the projected pro t in the industry by 2024 at a rate of 12.43 billion USD.



Worldwide sales of wireless transmission devices, thousand pcs.



 43%



 4%  25%  3%  23%  2%



12



Structure of the market for wireless transmission of energy by region, % In 2016, the use of wireless systems was the most common in Asia, North America and Eastern Europe. Among the companies that carry out research in the industry of wireless power transmission systems are the following: Ossia, Inc. (USA), Wi-Charge Ltd. (Israel), Energous Corporation (USA), Humavox Ltd. (Israel) and Fulton Innovation LLC (USA). In addition, a significant contribution to the development of the market is made by: Qualcomm Inc. (USA), Texas Instruments Inc. (United States), Integrated Device Technology, Inc. (USA), Semtech Corp. (USA), Toshiba Corp. (Japan), Panasonic Corp. (Japan), and Rohm Co., Ltd. (Japan). Among the competitive advantages of wireless transmission technology from Node, the following can be highlighted: It is planned to sell the Node products in the markets of the USA, Europe, China and Japan. Taking into account the above facts, it can be stated that investing in the wireless energy transmission industry, with an annual market growth rate of more than 20%, is one of the most promising venues for increasing profits.

13



NODE COMPETITIVE ADVANTAGE

Most of the current wireless charging technologies comply with the Qi standard developed by the Wireless Power Consortium (WPC) for induction power transmission over a short distance. The Qi equipment includes a transmitter plate and a compatible receiver in the connected device. The device to be connected is placed on the transmitter plate when used and charging occurs through inductive energy transfer, such as in transformers. Manufacturers such as Apple, Asus, HTC, Nokia, Samsung, Sony use this standard in some of their devices.

At this stage, the Qi wireless charging technology has many drawbacks, here are just some of these disadvantages: low efficiency; low speed of work; relatively high cost; The charging speed of the device's battery depends on the distance between the device and the station.

The Node technology is fundamentally different from the one used in the Qi standard, the technology is based on the imposition of several electromagnetic waves in the form of impulses of different duration and frequency, and then these waves pass through a special ferroelectric material and an electromagnetic lens of a structured metamaterial.

As a result, the outgoing signal acquires such features of the electromagnetic wave that allow it to pass through the materials and not be scattered at the same time, and also transmit electromagnetic energy over long distances.

Transmitting devices have less weight and dimensions than existing analogues, and can be manufactured in virtually any design, including flexible shapes and various thicknesses.

The technology has a low internal energy consumption, provides almost complete transmission of energy with about a 90% efficiency rate. In addition, it's completely silent, does not create distortion and electromagnetic interference.

Unlike the induction solutions available on the market, the Node technology does not have limitations on the location of the receiving device with respect to the transmitting device. The receiving device can be freely located in all coordinates with respect to signal transmission in the existing coverage area.

It's possible to transfer energy from one device to an unlimited number of devices in proportion to the power consumption of each. For example, it's possible to transfer energy from a device with a maximum power of 100W to 10 devices of 10W, or 20 devices of 5W. If there are devices with different power consumption in the transmission area, the energy is distributed evenly, depending on the distance and power of each device.

14



The possibilities for using technology are virtually limitless. The technology can be integrated into any electronic devices without signi cant changes in size, weight, aesthetic appeal, etc. And



Among the competitive advantages of wireless transmission technology from Node the following points can be highlighted:



Variety of energy solutions from milliwatts to megawatts

Ability to transmit energy to long distances

Ability to transfer energy through any material and environment

Three times less weight and compactness



Possibility of charging devices production for any shape, including exible ones

Ability to charge devices without a xed position

Attractive price of products makes them a ordable



15



10.2012 05.2016 06.2016 04.2017 05.2017

12.2017  02.2018 02.2018  04.2018

04.2018

2020



ROADMAP

The project initiator and like-minded peopleconducted a research in the eld of semiconductor and ceramic materials and their interaction with electromagnetic high-frequency impulsive elds Based on the obtained results, a decision was made to commercialize the technology Development of schemes and technological solutions, selection of components Successful nal testing of several prototype devices The design concept was developed, materials and technologies for a sample batch manufacturing were selected Registration of Node as a legal entity

Negotiations on nancing and preparation for the ITO

Creation of a corporate website and marketing materials

Patent registration, certi cation of products, start of a commercial lot production ITO period

NODE token introduction to the trading exchanged

Launching the production of Alpha

Launching the production of Eon

Launching the production of Wireless Power Station

Wireless Future 16



WHO WE ARE

ADVISORS



George Mikaberydze

Advisor

CEO and Co-Founder of the 100AM. Previously, Co-Founder and Managing Director of Healbe. Healbe Corp. is the owner of Healbe FLOWTM Technology the only one that can measure your calorie intake via sensors through your skin, hydration level and more - all these features you can experience with Healbe GoBe 2 smart-life band. More than 10 years of experience in media (RBC, Hearst Shkulev Media) in marketing, business development and launching new projects. Top 5 Marketing Director in Russia (according to Kommersant rating in 2009-2010)



Elizaveta Tolstikova

Advisor

Media and Brand communication consultant. 5 years experience in communication strategy development and media campaign implementation



Georgii Erman

Advisor

Expert-analyst, independent consultant on investments in ICO projects, active crypto-currency entrepreneur, experienced sales and marketing specialist. Co-founder of Aurora Blockchain Capital, which is an international investment fund specializing in analytics and investments in crypto-currency assets



Sergey Lepeshkin

Advisor

Strategic management consultant, expert in legal accompaniment of corporation activities. More than 10 years experience in mergers & acquisitions, business valuation and selling companies wether in domestic or international markets



TEAM



Pavel Zelenin

Founder

Research and development of new ceramic materials and methods of storage and transmission of electric power



Daniil Morozov

Co-Founder

PhD in Economics. Over than 10 years in nancial consulting, winner of "100 best products of Russia", "Financial Russia 2007", "Financial Russia 2008". Business Angel, 15 startups in his portfolio



Oleg Pensky

Chief Science O cer

Scientist and inventor in the eld of mechanics and mathematical modeling. PhD in technical science, founder of the theory of robots with non-absolute memory



Dmitry Okulov

Chief Technical O cer



17



Irina Kotova

Financial Planning and Accounting Expert

More than 10 years of experience in banking. Long term practice of sales and

nancial analytics. Constant newscaster of the "Market Survey" rubric in the program "Week Results" on the regional channel RBC



Denis Konogorov

Investments Expert

Specialist in the eld of investment, banking, nance and risk assessment. Eight years of experience in senior positions in companies such as: UralFD Bank and

Finance (Glasgow Caledonian University, Scotland)



Olga Sivitskaya

Marketing Expert

Marketing expert with 11 years of project management, developed mostly within advertising and sport & health industries, including hardware projects (fitness tracker) with focus on U.S. and Europe markets & 9 years in marketing: brand strategy development, brand advertising campaigns development and execution, digital & cross media marketing, Degree in Marketing and Product Management



Ekaterina Naimushina

Community Manager

Successful management of startup projects for 4 years. Bachelor degree in Digital Marketing and Finances. Fluency in 3 languages: Spanish, English and Russian. Specialization in cryptocurrencies and Blockchain elds. Communicative, creative and innovative



Mikhail Pan

Sales: Asian markets

Long term practice of selling, developing documentation and consulting clients in the European and Asian markets. Has a higher legal and economic education.



Yulia Trubnikova

Sales: European and US markets

Specialist in building sales systems and customer relations, as well as investments. More than 13 years' of experience in such companies as: Lukoil and VISA. Master's degree in Management (Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal)



Evgeny Petrikin

Sales: Middle Eastern Markets

Expert with more than 15 years of experience in project management, modification and adjustment in countries such as: UAE, Qatar, Russia, and Kazakhstan. Works in close cooperation with diverse and multi-national teams.



Ibtihaj Abrar

Product Designer

Many years of experience as a designer of products in the field of technology. Master's degree in Graphic Design and Outdoor Advertising.



Vadim Kotov

Investor Relations Marketing Eexpert

Experience in the equity market, banking sector and insurance. Many years of experience in the securities market, in the banking sector and in insurance. For more than three years, he's has been leading a formedcreated group of companies, specializing in marketing and Internet promotion of clients' businesses.



18



PARTNERS

19



INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY

The NODE token offers a unique opportunity to participate in a revolutionary technological startup. The current round of the funds raising is aimed at nancing the production and organization of marketing and sales for Node's devices.

At this moment, the R&D phase is over, prototype production and testing stages have been completed. Tests of prototypes demonstrated full compliance with the declared characteristics. The current stage of a development allows to become a member of our ITO campaign now, when risks related to the product's performance are already smoothed out, and at the same



There are the following reasons why the NODE token will grow in price:



Redemption

The Annual buyback of tokens will be calculated using the following formula:



Volume of undistributed pro t



Volume of NODE tokens sold $ mln



That is, if the sales level of 10 million NODE tokens is reached, 30% of the Node pro t will be redeemed, followed by a subsequent burning of the tokens.

Therefore, the interest income that will be received annually from the buyout of tokens will be easily calculated. Accordingly, the longer a token owner holds his tokens, the more income he can get.

The NODE tokens, which will be acquired as a result of the buyout, will be burned, thus the total quantity of tokens will be reduced.



Discount Program

Purchase of the Node products with tokens with a 25% discount in relation to the value in a at currency (US dollars). At any time, the buyer will have the opportunity to purchase the Node products and pay for the order with NODE tokens. The cost of the Node products will be calculated using the following formula:



1 NODE ($1)

Current NODE token price at the exchange



25%



In this case, the actual cost of Alpha when paying with NODE tokens will be $74.25 instead of $99.0.

The NODE tokens, which will be acquired as a result of the sale of its products, will be burned thus total quantity of tokens will be reduced.



20



Tokens Buyback Case

If $1,000 is spent on the Pre-ITO and 1,500 NODE tokens are received, the following 2 scenarios are possible:

A. Exchange tokens for Node products with a 25% discount and purchase Alpha or Eon for $2000 at the market value. In this case, your benefit will be equal to 100%.

B. With a realistic ITO scenario, the volume of the NODE tokens sold will be $5mln. In March 2019, 15% of undistributed profit for 2018 ($0.84 mln) will be directed for the redemption of tokens. At a market value of $2 per each NODE, 420,000 NODE tokens will be redeemed. Accordingly, 1,500 NODE tokens can be sold for $3,000, therefore a 200% profit is received from the $1,000 invested during Pre-ITO. Given the fact that the redeemed tokens are burned, there will be fewer tokens on the market every year, and the remaining NODE tokens in circulation are projected to grow by 40-60% annually. Accordingly, with each year of ownership, an ITO participant can receive a 50% increase in the price of each held token.

Tokens Buyback Procedure

A month before the start of the tokens' buyback procedure, the start of the orders' collecting procedure is announced. Applications are processed in the user's personal account, and according to the results of the orders collection procedure, Node redeems the cheapest orders for the entire amount sent from the undistributed profit and burns them.

21



POSITIVE DYNAMICS OF NODE TOKENS DEMAND

The demand for NODE tokens will be formed by a combination of factors: the implementation of a buyback and the provision of a discount on products when purchased directly from Node. Depending on the ITO implementation scenario, with some assumptions, it's possible to calculate the estimated annual "organic" demand for NODE tokens.



Scenario

1 2 3



Mln, NODE tokens

2,5 5,0 10,0



Direct sales by tokens,

%

10%

10%

10%



Direct sales by tokens,

mln $

1,0

2,3

4,8



Buy-back, %

7,5% 15,0% 30,0%



Buy-back, mln $

0,19 0,84 3,56



That is, in the case of the third scenario, the estimated annual demand would be about 8 million US dollars without taking into account the increase in demand due to the release of new products to the market and the reduction in the number of free-to-use tokens.



22



ITO PARAMETERS



Token Name: NODE Accepted currencies: BTC, ETH Soft/Hard cap cap: $1 million / $10 million Total amount of tokens, including Pre-ITO: 10 million pcs. The NODE token is planned to be introduced on the trading exchanges at the end of the ITO.



Pre-ITO



ITO



Start: End:



07.12.2017 14.02.2018



12:00 UTC+2



Token price: $1 Minimal contribution: 10 USD in equivalent Total amount of tokens: 0.75 million pcs.



Rounds receive bonuses:



07.12 - 07.01 50% 15.01 - 31.01 45% 01.02 - 14.02 40%



Start: End:



15.02.2018 15.04.2018



12:00 UTC+2



Token price: $1



Minimal contribution: 10 USD in equivalent



Early participants receive bonuses:



15.02 - 24.02 30% 25.02 - 06.03 20% 07.03 - 16.03 15% 17.03 - 26.03 10% 27.03 - 16.04 0%



Token distribution: 2% of the sold tokens on the bounty program



Technical Implementation of Token and ITO Procedure

Failure to achieve the minimum financial target amount of $1.0 million (SoftCap) as a result of the ITO will trigger a refund process. The Crowdfunding Manager (hereinafter  CFM) will send the contributedamounts back to addresses of donors who had participated in the crowdfunding who had participated in the crowdfunding as well as will fiat by wire transfer to the accounts from which investments were made. Tokens will be released on the Etherium platform with ERC20 standard support. Forwarding ETH to the address of the contract automatically leads to the transfer of the corresponding number of tokens to the sender's address. If the round is successfully closed, the ITO organizer can withdraw ETH to its address (withdraw method). In the case of an unsuccessful closing (SoftCap is not achieved), each member of the ITO can return its donations (getBack method). Subject to clause of the minimum funding sum, all donations to Node, including Pre-ITO and ITO, are final and non-refundable. By participating in the crowdfunding, you acknowledge that Node is not required to provide a refund if we achieve our minimum financial goal, and that you will not receive money or other compensation in lieu of a refund. All unsold and unallocated tokens are burned.

23



Distribution of tokens (%)



10%



2% 3%



55% 20%



10%



Early participants  10% Bounty  2% Advisors  3% Team  20% Development funds  10% Participants  55%



Bounty Program

2% of all sold tokens will be reserved for the bounty program and will be allocated as follows:



35%



10%



Social Media campaign

(20% - Twitter, 10% - Facebook, 5% - Instagram)



Translation campaign



15%

Blog and YouTube campaign



15%

Signature campain



10%

Telegram campaign



5%

Reddit campaign



10%

Miscellaneous



Distribution of Collected Funds

Pre-ITO ($0.5 mln):

Application for trademarks in Europe and the USA December 2017  March 2018 Request for patents in Europe and the USA (technology) January 2018  March 2018 Finalization of the legal structure of the ITO, obtainment of a legal opinion

Marketing campaign for the ITO January 2018  April 2018



ITO ($2.5-10 mln):

Testing and obtaining a certi cation for Alpha in Europe and the USA

Production of the trial consignment of Alpha March 2018 - May 2018 Testing and obtaining a certi cation for Eon in Europe and the USA

Production of the trial consignment of Eon July 2018 - September 2018 Request for the patents in Europe and the USA (design and model) (October 2018)

24



FINANCE



Most of the funds will be spent on production. First, a small batch will be made for testing, popularizing and further improving the product.

The cost of certification in the US and Europe is around 60 thousand USD. The cost of patent work in the departments of the United States, Europe, China and Japan is 60 thousand USD. The cost of registration of 5 trademarks and promotion of the brand will amount to around 20 thousand USD. The costs forecast of the project for the scenario 1 is shown below:



NAME



Preparatory costs, thousand USD



Patent work



Creation of production prototypes Alpha and Eon



Certification of Alpha and Eon products



Registration of trade marks



Creating a production prototype Wireless Power station



Wireless Power station certification



Production of a test batch of devices



TOTAL



Direct variable expenses, thousand USD



Production of commercial batch Alpha



Production of the commercial batch Eon



Production of commercial batch Wireless Power station



TOTAL



Fixed costs, thousand USD



Administrative expenses



Salaries

TOTAL



Marketing and promotion expenses, thousand USD



Participation in exhibitions



Presentations for partners and investors



SEO and search engine advertising



Teaser advertising



Banner advertising



Email listing



Paid posting



Targeted advertising



Press releases



TOTAL



TOTAL EXPENSES, thousand USD



2018 2019 2020 TOTAL



60



60



15



15



40



40



20



20



7



7



20



20



24



12



36



159



39



0



198



3750 5850

9600



4875 7605 4000 16480



5850 9126 4800 19776



14475 22581 8800 45856



88



101,2 116,38



305,58



200



230



264,5



694,5



288



331,2 380,8 1000,08



75 66 22 23 11 8 19 28 25 277 10324



86,25



99,19



260,44



75,9



87,29



229,19



25,3 26,45 12,65



29,1 30,42 14,55



76,4 79,87 38,2



9,2



10,58



27,78



21,85



25,13



65,98



32,2



37,03



97,23



28,75



33,06



86,81



318,55 366,33 961,88



17168,7 20523,21 48015,96



25



Revenue forecast from the sale of devices is shown below:



NAME

Alpha implementation Eon implementation Wireless Power station implementation

TOTAL, thousand USD



2018

4875 7605

0

12480



2019

6337,5 9886,5 5200

21424



2020

7605 11863,8

6240

25708,8



TOTAL

18817,5 29355,3 11440

59612,8



The amount of preparatory costs for 2017 is included in 2018. The forecast includes an annual increase in administrative costs, labor costs, marketing and promotion by 15%.

Finances and Legal Aspects

The collection and management of raised funds will be controlled by the crowdfunding manager (CFM). At the Pre-ITO stage, the CFM function is performed by the CEO of Node, Pavel Zelenin. At the ITO stage, CFM will be selected for the fundraising management, located in a favorable to blockchain jurisdictive environment. The choice will be made based on the legal opinion obtained after the Pre-ITO.

To provide additional guarantees in respect to the rational spending of the collected funds and adherence to the timeframe of the project, an Escrow partner will be involved at the ITO stage.

All funds collected on the ITO will be kept on a multisignature-wallet, the owner of wallet is CFM. The control over the excessive expenditure of funds and the authorization of tranches will be carried out under the supervision of the CFM and Escrow partner that will be determined after Pre-ITO.

Due to a dynamically changing situation in the crypto-industry of the Escrow agent, the order of granting access to the collected funds during the ITO will be determined after the completion of the Pre-ITO and before the start of the ITO.



Crowdfunding manager



Pre-ITO 750k NODE token



ITO 2,5-10m NODE token



Venture funds



7,5-30% SHARES



ITO FUNDS



venture investment



NODE INC.



seed money



Founders



R&D



B2B B2C



FACTORY



26



RISKS DISCLAIMER

The present document is for information only and is not an offer or appeal tofor buy or sell tokens or other funds.

The NODE tokens do not accord a supervisory right.

The possession of the NODE tokens does not vest their holder with right of ownership or legal title of property in Node or other affiliate company.

While the community's opinions and reviews may be taken into account the NODE tokens do not give any right to participate in decision making or any direction of development of the business related to the Node or other affiliate company. Tokens can be used for the purchase of the Node products at a special price and participation in the loyalty program.

By purchasing the tokens, you acknowledge that you have read and accepted the conditions of the Terms & Conditions (TC).

By purchasing the tokens, you acknowledge that you have read and accepted the Privacy Policy.

1. Technological Risks

Despite the many advantages of wireless transmission technology and its great importance for a number of technological devices and inventions that are widely used today, there are also a number of issues. Some of these problems are related to the definition of standard application and various methods of technology implementation that can ensure the mass application and integration of technology into the everyday life of consumers.

Another problem, is the definition of a world standard in wireless networks, which will allow many consumers to use a more convenient power source in a wireless system, and also charge multiple devices without using inconvenient adapters and cords. This problem relates to the fact that there is no need for wireless power systems that can only be used for individual brands or devices, but there must be a universal wireless power transmission system that will fit everyone; a single global standard.

27



In the process of developing new technologies for wireless energy transmission systems, there is also the cost issue. The cost is often high, due to the fact that a lot of resources are involved in the production of a unit of production. This, in turn, is also a risk, since consumers can view wireless systems as too expensive for a product.

It's obvious that at the moment, the wireless energy transmission system is not able to completely replace the power lines or outlets, but no doubt, the wireless power supply system will very soon become the "future" of the energy industry.

Despite the risks associated with the problems and obstacles in the technology of wireless power systems, this industry is nevertheless quite attractive, in particular with regards to its positive prospects for growth now and in the future.

2. Risks Associated with the ITO

No Warranty for Obtaining Income or Profit We intend to reach all the points described in this document, but all parties involved in buying the tokens do so at their own risk. In the case of unforeseen circumstances, the aims described in this document may be changed without the prior consent of the holders.

All calculations used in this document are foreseeable and can be adjusted at any time taking into account the market situation. They are not a guarantee of the achieving the marketing results. The possession of the token does not give the holder the right to own the property of the company.

Ambiguous Legislation Only individuals who are aware of the risks are allowed to participate in the project. In addition, certain categories of individuals are excluded from the scope of the project, including consumers (as defined in European Directive  2011/83 / UE), "US individuals" (as defined in "Regulation S" of the US Securities Act of 1933), residents of the Singapore, Korea and several other countries where legislative limitations have already been imposed.

Technologies related to blockchain and digital tokens are subject to supervision and control by various regulatory bodies around the world. It is not excluded that NODE tokens can get under requests, actions or restrictions on their part, which may limit the functionality or redemption of tokens in the future.

Risk of Fund Loss Funds collected in the ITO process are not insured. In case of loss or devaluation, there is no private or public insurance representative, to which the buyer can apply.

28



Emerging Technology Use Risk Crypto-tokens are a fairly new and relatively untested technology. In addition to the risks mentioned in this document, additional ones may appear that the project team can not foresee. These risks can materialize in other forms than those specified here.

Failure Risk You agree that Node shall not be liable for your use or failure to use the tokens. From the moment of release, NODE tokens will be sent to you without any guarantees (including guarantees of commercial value), without violating anyone's intellectual property rights.

Fraud Risk NODE Tokens are not offered or distributed, nor can they be resold or otherwise alienated by their owners to citizens, individuals and entities resident or registered in the United States of America (including all states and the District of Columbia), Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands States, any other possessions of the United States of America, as well as in countries or territories where operations with crypto-currencies are prohibited or in any way restricted. If such a person acquires NODE tokens, his actions will be regarded as illegal, unauthorized and fraudulent, which will have negative consequences.

Howey test The NODE token is a classical utility token. The Node team has passed the Howey test with a score of 30. However this fact does not exclude all risk that the NODE token will be recognized as a security paper by SEC. That is why we impose a restriction on the possession of the token by US tax residents and apply preventive measures in the form of blocking American IP, and the actions of tax residents to acquire NODE tokens we consider as fraudulent. After the pre-ITO phase, the Node team plans to involve specialized companies to obtain a legal opinion on the structure of attracting financing, interacting with crowdfunders, carrying out business activities of the main company Node SIA. As a priority consultant, we are considering one of the big four companies, but we do not exclude the possibility of attracting a legal company of the country of incorporation Node SIA.

29



Intelligent technology for wireless energy www.nodepower.io



































