The Notary Platform Project

A Crowdfunding White Paper

ICO version 1.01

October 2017



HOW WILL NOTARY (PLATFORM) CHANGE THE WAY WE DO BUSINESS

Notary tackles one of the largest and most common problems in business and life:

Safely creating, signing and storing digital contracts.

Contracts are an integral part of business and everyday life. The current labour intensive process of creating, signing, and storing contracts is an expensive way to create agreements between different parties.

Current solutions require third party involvement, consequently contracting parties need to be in a certain place and time to come to a written agreement.

Notary aims to tackle this using cutting edge blockchain technology to create an efficient method of creating, storing and signing contracts - anywhere and anytime.

The solution?

A mobile application built on the blockchain framework. The application offers the use of templates for standard contracts for different real-life cases in an intuitive and user-friendly interface.

The Notary platform will be built in 3 stages.

In the first, the application will be targeted at the general population where it will let individuals create, store and sign documents such as:

 sale or lease of property,  marriage contracts,  last will and testament,  grants of easement,  etc.

In the second stage the application will be targeted at businesses. Some practical examples where the application might be used are:

 contracts between companies,  loans (bank to company)  services (notary services, insurance services)  transaction validations,  etc.

2



In the third and final stage the application will be adapted for use in governmental agencies in matters such as:

 government procurement,  electronic incorporation forms,  updating corporate information,  sending filled-out electronic forms (tax forms, social insurance forms),  licenses (small industry services, trade services, industry services),  etc. The possibilities are endless. The higher stages will incorporate artificial intelligence methods. Artificial neural networks may help to prepare case-specific smart contracts. Moreover, they may play important role in decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) for different industries. Advanced users can take advantage of Smart Contracts which emulate the logic of contractual clauses. This means the contracts can be made self-executing and/or selfenforcing. All the while the blockchain framework allows the creation of high precision timestamps which are used to retrieve and prove the content and identity of contractors in case of a dispute. This means the application offers unparallelled safety. Notary will change the way we come to written agreements and create a new and more efficient way of creating, storing and signing digital documents. Our platform is intended to support widespread usage, for the general public as well as various businesses and governmental agencies.

3



FOREWORD

We are fully aware that the process of entering into contracts is time consuming, expensive and often requires involvement of notary public or other third services, executed by a third party. The main goal of the proposed Notary platform is to offer a user-friendly experience by exploring the most advanced blockchain technologies. This allows us to bypass the need for such third parties, and at the same time offer a cheaper and faster alternative, which is also considerably safer. By allowing digital information to be distributed but not copied, the blockchain created the backbone of a new type of information technology. The Ethereum blockchain is an incorruptible digital ledger of transaction, which can be programmed to record not just financial transactions, but virtually anything. Our long-term goal is to be a part of this groundbreaking movement and become one of the leading companies in the field of practical and advanced exploration of the decentralized and distributed (blockchain and smart contracts) technologies.

4



Contents

HOW WILL NOTARY (PLATFORM) CHANGE THE WAY WE DO BUSINESS? ............. 2 FOREWORD ............................................................................................................ 4 Proof of concept .................................................................................................... 6 How Notary works (technical) ............................................................................... 8 Notary token .......................................................................................................... 9 Business opportunities and possibilities for expanding the scope of services ..... 11 Timeline................................................................................................................ 13 Functionalities/services vs funding...................................................................... 16 Distributions......................................................................................................... 17 Allocation of NTRY funds...................................................................................... 19 Team .................................................................................................................... 20 Cooperation and support...................................................................................... 25 LEGAL INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMERS ........................................................... 26

5



Proof of concept

The main goal of the Notary Platform is to provide indisputable proof of the digital documents' existence, content and identity of involved parties. This is done by use of the blockchain technology, which natively allows the creation of a timestamp and storage of digital documents in a form that prevents tampering with them. Alongside written accords we will allow users to combine different digital sources into their final contract to provide for additional information. These sources can be used individually or in combination and include:

 Templates or written and then scanned forms,  Sound files,  Image files,  Video files,  Proof of existence (e.g. facial recognition, retinal scans, etc.),  Different digital files or just the hash of a digital file in case of

confidential data

6



Our main effort will be storing and proving the identity of users and adapting the platform to conform with the laws of individual countries. The simple form of Notary (NTRY) contacts will be further upgraded in the form of smart contacts using the Ethereum network. This is made possible by the fact that large banks already deal with the Ethereum organization. In the mature stages of Notary, the contacts will be upgraded by enabling the use of artificial intelligence to further facilitate the process of engagement and elevating the user experience on a whoule new level. The current challenges involved in using smart contracts arise from the lack of digital financial instruments or derivatives, which provide an instantaneous fulfilment of contractual obligations without intermediaries. However, some promising solutions have already been developed.

7



How Notary works (technical)

Initially, the Notary Platform will be built on the Ethereum blockchain network. As it gains traction, the core team will immediately begin developing a separate blockchain network, upon which the Notary Platform will be moved. Once that happens, the Notary Token will assume the role of Proof of Stake, allowing users to stake their NTRY Tokens and be rewarded by a percentage of the fee collected in a transaction. The reward will be automatically transferred to the user's wallet. From the technical point of view, general scheme, which allows notarization with sufficient security for practical purposes, can be presented by the following scheme:

As it can be seen, the system consists of two main parts - front-end and back-end. Front-end technology which enables user authentication and identification, will integrate different tools to fulfill this task. In the presented scheme uport is assumed, but other means are supposed to be integrated in the future (e.g. face recognition, retina scan, fingerprint, ...). The blockchain technology will be enabling the most critical part  smart contracts for different use cases by incorporating additional digital files (sound, image, ...), encryption and data storage. Advanced levels of platform will integrate artificial intelligence methods at both ends. Moreover, DAOs at the third levels may change the perception of contract signing for different industries.

8



Notary token

The members of the core team, working on the Notary Platform project envision the NTRY Token as a utility token, intended to play two crucial roles in the Notary Platform ecosystem. In the early stages it should serve as a means of financing the purchases of the services, offered by the Notary Platform--such as timestamped and secure contract templates. Later on, as the Notary Platform matures and moves to its own blockchain network, it will also serve as a Proof of Stake, allowing the network to run smoothly and stay secure.

NTRY Token as the means of payment: If one defines network as a system of interconnected elements, the Notary Platform could not have been seen as one, without the NTRY Token. It will be the glue holding it together and connecting all its moving parts. In fact, one will not be able to access the Notary Platform and use its services without the NTRY Tokens in the early stages, as the NTRY Tokens will be the only means form payment of the rendered services. Obtaining and holding the NTRY Tokens will thus be necessary to participate in the network and rip its many benefits.

That said, the goal of our team is to provide the serve to the masses and allow everybody to enjoy the service of engaging into safe, timestamped, contracts on the go and without required involvement of third parties. With this vision in mind, we will eventually enable an automatic conversion of other currencies into the NTRY Token by an automated auction contract. This will allow people of all ages and walks of life to participate as they will be able to pay with various currencies. Any fee collected outside of NTRY Tokens will be used to purchase an equivalent amount of NTRY Tokens on the market and then moved to a permanent address by the auction contract. This way, the demand for NTRY Tokens will continuously increase as more and more people begin to use the Notary Platform.

NTRY Token as the Proof of Stake: Proof of Stake is one of the possible transaction validation mechanisms, ensuring a blockchain network can be trusted. At first, the Notary Platform will be built upon the Etherum blockchain network, but as it gains initial traction, the core team will immediately begin to develop a separate blockchain network, upon which the Notary Platform will be moved eventually. Once that happens, the Notary Token will assume another important role as the Proof of Stake, allowing the users to stake their NTRY Tokens and be rewarded by a

9



percentage of the fee collected in a transaction. The reward will be automatically transferred to the user's wallet and remain on his disposal. As our vision of the Notary Platform manifests itself and progressively gains traction, we will continuously improve the concept, to integrate the best possible technical solutions. The role of NTRY Token may thus expend beyond it being a means of payment for the services, rendered by the platform and perhaps even beyond it serving as the proof of stake.

10



Business opportunities and possibilities for expanding the scope of services

There are many different possibilities where the Notary Platform application can streamline the process and guarantee a higher safety standard and transparency. The goal of the platform is to cover all markets. We will start with "customer to customer" market, as it is the most complex regarding the safety and integration. We will then move on to wider and more regulated markets. The final integration will happen with the "government to business" market.

Customer to customer (C2C) Notary works by facilitating the transaction of products or services between consumers. This is the starting point of the Notary Platform integrating into a real life scenario. The possibilities are endless with some of them being:

 Contracts between two persons (selling/buying/renting property, marriage contracts, etc.)

 Last will and testament  Grants of easement  Certifications  And many, many more.

Business to business (B2B) In B2B commerce it is often the case that businesses have comparable negotiating power and typically involve professional staff and legal counsel in the negotiation of terms. Some clear examples of practical use of the Notary Platform in those types of B2B relationships are:

 Contracts between companies  Loans (bank to company)  Services (notary services, insurance services)  Transaction validations,  Services for operational reasons,  Letter of credit in cross-border transactions  And many more.

11



Government to customer (G2C) G2C markets provide numerous opportunities to take advantage of the many government offerings available. Everything from grants and loans to copies of property transactions and credit reports. Government contracts constitute a huge market for government to consumer businesses. Some examples of the G2C services where the Notary Platform could be integrated are:

 Educational services (applications for scholarships, applications for student loans)

 Judicial services (child adoption processes, applications for organ transplants, applications for name changes, etc.)

 Citizen details (any possible change to personal details of citizens)  And again, many more. Government to business (G2B) G2B is the relationship between institutions of public administration and enterprises. It includes laws and regulations targeting businesses, official communications by government and regulatory agencies, tender processes etc. The relationship may refer the demand for information from the enterprises in any life scenario or a transfer of an official document to the statutory body. Some examples where the Notary Platform can be of use:  Government procurement  Electronic incorporation forms  Updating corporate information  Sending filled-out electronic forms (e.g. tax forms, social insurance

forms)  Licenses (e.g. trade services, industry services)  Etc.

12



Timeline

Pre-launch dates: 18/4/2017 The Pre-ICO white paper draft version 0.9 18/4/2017 Start of the Pre-ICO campaign and marketing 27/5/2017 Pre-ICO start

Launch dates: 20/8/2017 The Crowdsale (ICO) white paper version 1.11 25/8/2017 Start of the Crowdsale (ICO) campaign and marketing 10/10/2017 Crowdsale (ICO) start

The post Crowdsale (ICO) period of the Notary Platform is split into three stages. The first stage is enabling the general public to use the Notary application. The second stage is allowing businesses to participate and expanding the first stage. The third stage is where we expand its use to governmental agencies and implement smart contracts for all our clients.

1st Stage: Notary Platform application built for the general public (6 -10 months after Crowdsale) In the first 6-10 months following the Crowdsale (ICO) we will focus on building a robust framework as a base for the mobile and web app. This framework will be used throughout the all three stages and expanded as needed. During this stage the web and android alpha versions of the Notary Platform will be tested with a closed circle of users. The main goal will be to work on functionalities of backend operations (e.g. a timely execution of blockchain transactions, efficient storage and access of corresponding files). We will test the basic functionalities of the Notary Platform GUI.

13



When the application reaches its beta phase we will start tests on the front end (e.g. the identification of problems, simplifying and optimizing the processes to make them as intuitive as possible). We will further develop the GUI for the general population.

After the application reaches its beta phase we will start aggressively marketing and engaging the target audience. This includes:

 attracting and engaging the best experts in the field of domestic and international law,

 marketing and contacting various websites for which the application may provide greater transparency and security for all parties involved in a transaction (selling and/or buying goods)

 Beginning to market the application on different social networks and advertisements

 Following the launch of the application for the general public, we will begin the development of the business oriented Notary Platform application. We will start research into our own blockchain network and POS, to incentivize users to hold on to NTRY tokens and secure the network.

2nd Stage: Business oriented Notary Platform and expansion of the primary stage (10-14 months after the first stage)

In this stage we will begin the implementation of advanced smart contracts for basic applications developed at the end of the first stage. All of our integrated technologies in this stage will be extensively studied and tested for different use cases.

 We will develop the web and android alpha versions of the Notary Platform Business application;

 we will conduct tests of the business applications with a selection of our supporters;

 we will test the basic functionalities of the advanced GUI;  as the business application matures and reaches the beta phase, we will

start beta tests with businesses that are interested in the functionalities of the Notary Business Platform application. This includes adapting and customizing the application to the specific needs of each business as well as testing it with various customers, where we will identify problems, simplify and optimize the processes to make them as intuitive as possible, and start testing all of the functionalities of the advanced user-friendly Notary Platform GUI;

14



 after conducting extensive testing we will launch the Notary Business Platform application and begin developing the governmental oriented Notary Platform application;

 we will establish POS on the Notary blockchain by applying Plasma-like (or similar) solutions.

3rd Stage: Governmental oriented Notary Platform and implementation of smart contracts for all users. In this stage we will finish developing and launch the Notary Platform application for governmental purposes. Then we will focus on implementing smart contracts for all users.

 In this stage we will begin researching artificial intelligence and its extensive implementation;

 we will launch the Notary Platform application for governmental purposes;

 we will integrate artificial intelligence for smart contracts;

15



Functionalities/services vs funding



Functionalities/services1



Primary Stage



Development of general and robust framework for apps Development of C2C mobile app for one EU market



Launch of the app with basic functionalities for the general public



Development of business oriented Notary Platform (B2B) app



Adding additional templates for specific use cases



Research into Notary Platform own blockchain network and POS



Research on timely execution of blockchain transactions, efficient



storage and access of digital contracts (and corresponding files)



Aggressive marketing and engaging the target audience



Attracting and engaging the best experts in the field of EU and



worldwide international law



Secondary Stage



Development of B2B mobile app and web app for one EU market Development of governmental oriented Notary Platform (G2B) app



Beta testing the POS on the Notary Platform blockchain



Extension of services to other EU member states



Compliance with jurisdictions of EU member states



Alfa testing and launching the POS on the Notary blockchain for on



EU market



Research/development into services for other specific business



(tests on intuitive front ends; identification of problems, simplifying



and the optimization of the processes to making them as intuitive as



possible)



Aggressive marketing for different businesses



Basic research of neural network integration into blockchain



Mature Stage



Research on the AI integrations Launch of G2B app with basic functionalities for the general public



and one EU market



Extension of services to other countries (i.e. USA)



Compliance with jurisdiction of USA



Research into DAO for contracting in building construction



Integration of neural networks for rating of contractors in DAO



Marketing for different businesses in targeting countries



Research on the integration of decentralized neural networks in DAO



Funds up to 3 mil. $



+ additonal features for funds up to 6 mil. $



++ additonal features for funds up to 9 mil. $



+++ additonal features for funds up to 13.2 mil. $



1 It is a subject of changes according to the collected funds in order to ensure optimal development of platform



16



Distributions

The Initial Coin Offering will begin on the 10/10/2017 and last for 28 days. This gives interested parties four weeks' time to purchase NTRY tokens. The maximum financing (cap) is set at 150.000.000 NTRY and with the collected funds we will be able to complete all 3 stages mentioned above. This quantity of tokens is also definite. If we sell at least 1.200.000 NTRY tokens we shall deem the Crowdsale (ICO) successful and will immediately proceed with setting up the Notary Platform which will provide at least the working mobile application with three different use cases (i.e. car sale, land sale, etc.) for one European markets and do our best to expand the scope of services and functionalities as much as possible. We may decide to do another token sale and distribute the tokens that were not sold in this one to gain additional funding and invite VC funds to invest in the Notary Platform if required for its further development. Failing to sell at least 1.200.000 NTRY we will not be able to build platform and provide the services and will enable all buyers to reclaim their payments as provided for in the Terms of Sale. The Crowdsale (ICO) fixed price of tokens: 1 NTRY = 0.11 USD or the equivalent amount of BTC or ETH. No tokens will be mined or created after the Crowdsale (ICO) campaign. The tokens will be distributed according to the percentages of collected funds. If the cap is reached, the distribution will look as follows:

Total: 150.000.000 NTRY (100%) .

Presale (Pre-ICO) token purchasers: 5.000.000 NTRY (3,333%) Presale (Pre-ICO) bounties: 500.000 NTRY (0,333%)

Crowdsale (ICO) token purchasers: 120.000.000 NTRY (80%) The Notary (NTRY) team: 15.125.000 NTRY (10,084%) Advisors: 4.875.000 NTRY (3,25%)

17



Bounties Crowdsale (ICO) bounties: 500.000 NTRY (0,333%) Apps bounty hunters: 1.000.000 NTRY (0,667%) Reserve (market liquidity, airdrop, rewards, etc.): 3.000.000 NTRY (2%)

18



Allocation of NTRY funds

The funds collected in the Crowdsale (ICO) will be used according to the following scheme:

 15% legal matters  10% purchase/rent of offices  15% marketing  20% development/research  40% staffing/operational costs

19



Team

The Notary Platform core team with its advisers, is a diverse group of talented people sharing the same passion - blockchain technology. Each member is well known and established individual in their own respective fields.

Core Team



Saso Vercko, CEO, co-founder Saso has an MA in Economics and is specialized in international business economy. He has worked on different projects, such as:  Supervising an international team carrying out

services for large companies in Central Europe  Was actively involved in marketing

(international markets), accounting, and logistics for different companies  Was the CEO of the established company Slowin Ltd. (the official authorized distributor of a well-known brand) specialized in importing goods to the UK. Saso is a long-time investor and is absolutely passionate about the developing crypto space. His vision: to make a platform which will modernize and change the way people engage in contracts.



Iztok Perus, Ph.D., CDIO, Founder Iztok has a Ph.D. in Civil Engineering, and works extensively on mechanical, static, dynamic and stability phenomena of different structures and or systems. His recent research is focused on inherent features related to the stability of stochastic static and dynamic systems (which, among others, also applies to distributed and decentralized blockchain-like systems). He has developed successful theoretical approaches and practical real-life applications using neural networks, including co-authoring the aiNet neural network software. Iztok is deeply passionate about the cryptocurrency universe after he first entered into it a few years ago. He sees Bitcoin, smart contracts and the distributed ledger technology as one of the most important inventions of the decade, if not of the century.



20



Bilal Arif, CIO, Head of Developers Bilal is a qualified Software Engineer and a security professional. His work revolves around cryptocurrencies, distributed systems and cyber security. He believes it is extremely important to improve the state-of-the-art cyberspace by decentralizing it and developing peer-to-peer networking. That's why he is a profound blockchain enthusiast and his primary goal is to bring new experiences to people through this incredible technology.



Anita Zvikart, CMO Anita is a copywriter specialised in the field of social media. She spent the last 4 years taking care of the online appearance and communication of various large international brands - SPAR Slovenia, Volkswagen, Holding Slovenske elektrarne (the biggest Slovenian energetics company), Slovenian Basketball Federation etc. She is a newcomer in the world of cryptocurrencies, but very passionate about it.



Robert Klinc, Ph.D., Developer



Robert has a Ph.D. in construction informatics. His



research and interests are oriented toward



computer integrated construction, HTC and cloud



computing as well as mobile, semantic and web



technologies. He has been developing various



services on the web for over a decade. Just



recently he found his passion for Bitcoin and



cryptocurrencies as he strongly believes in Peer to



Peer model. This passion resulted in authoring



different scientific papers dealing with the



potential use of blockchain technology in the



architecture/engineering/construction



(AEC)



industry.



Yumna Ghazi, Blockchain Developer

Yumna is a cyber security researcher who has worked on threat intelligence, authentication, authorization, and data security. She worked as a Software Engineer for the last four years, building security products from the ground up. In recent years, her interests have steered her towards blockchain technology and she is increasingly involved in designing and developing peer-to-peer, decentralized solutions that come with the inherent auditability of the blockchain, but also manage to be scalable and efficient.



21



Basit Raza, Blockchain Developer Basit is a Full-Stack developer with extensive experience in blockchain technology, smart contracts and decentralized application development. He is a technology enthusiast who likes to stay in-the-know about the latest technological trends. His interest in cryptocurrencies led him to dig deeper and discover the blockchain technology. He was previously involved in developing cyber security products including a security event management system and a threat intelligence platform. He has developed enterprise level web and Linux CLI applications and has expertise in different server side technologies ( JAVA, Golang), as well as many client side technologies ( Javascript, jQuery, AngularJS, CSS & HTML). He also has working experience of log collecting solutions (Fluentd & Logstash) and is experienced in RDBMS (MYSQL & SQL Server) and NoSQL (Elasticsearch & MongoDB).



Miha Perus, Front-End Developer Miha is a student at the University of Ljubljana, Faculty of Mechanical Engineering. He was, and is, one of the best students at every level of his education. Especially in mathematics and computer science, where he was awarded many times. Including achieving first place in project called Danube, which is presented on the national level. He is a self-taught web developer, specialised in CSS, JavaScript, and HTML, and likes to explore new web technologies like the CSS grids. His research interests and work include a broad range of topics related to computer and information technology, as well as cryptocurrencies. In the past few years he has been active in trading crypto, but only in the ones who offer practical working solutions.



22



Advisors



Ziga Turk, Ph.D., scientists and former minister

Ziga Turk is a Professor in Construction

Informatics at the University of Ljubljana, Slovenia. In addition to his academic career served twice as minister in the Government and as Secretary General of the Reflection Group on the Future of Europe in Brussels. His academic interests include construction information technology, design communication, conceptual modelling of buildings, open access, open science and engineering uses of blockchain. Ziga has extensive policymaking experience and his research activities also include the trends and scenarios of future global developments. He studies the broader impacts of information technology on society and democracy and is active in the topic of "internet science". In 2007 and 2008 dr. Turk was a Minister for growth in the Government of Slovenia, and the national coordinator for the Lisbon Strategy, chief negotiator for Slovenia's accession to the OECD. From February 2012 until March 2013 he was a Minister for Education, Science, Culture and Sports. From 2008-2010 he served as Secretary General of the Reflection Group on the Future of Europe that was chaired by Felipe Gonzales. Later he was chairing a High Level Group to recommend the future evolution of European academic networking (GEANT).



Luka Pregelj, legal advisor and business consultant

Luka is a Principal Consultant at Lex Lucas Consulting, a lean consulting firm, providing advice and support in matters of corporate law, tax law, regulation of emerging technologies, and global e-commerce. Before starting his consulting practice, Luka was employed by an international law firm, where he advised corporate clients on corporate legal issues and cross-border M&A transactions, and where he successfully launched his Start-up Initiative for the Slovenian branch of the company, providing advice to start-up companies. He was also actively engaged in drafting and the preparation of the bill on alternative financial instruments and services, regulating various aspects of crowdfunding, crowd investing, peer to peer landing, and cryptocurrencies, which is currently under consideration by a legislature. Luka is an active member of the Blockchain Task Force at AmCham and involved in various projects in the field of blockchain and emerging technologies. As the Principal Consultant of Lex Lucas Consulting, he coordinates and manages most of the legal aspects of the Notary Platform project, and provides the core team with strategic advice on business decisions from his professional perspective.



23



Sasa Einsiedler, author, speaker, coach Sasa started to work as a radio presenter on the very popular radio station Radio Voice of Ljubljana in 1985. Two years later she continued to work as a host on the Slovenian national television. She began by hosting various musical shows for young people. For the next 25 years she hosted different broadcasts for various TV stations, national and commercial. Her experience as a host of so many serious and entertaining events and shows is the result of her study of journalism, speech training with her mentors and of course countless performances live, in front of a large number of people and in studio in front of cameras and radio microphone. Even before that she gained her experience as a singer, dedicating a few years of her life as a professional musician (lead singer in a band called Red Barron). In recent years she is deeply occupied with the study of human nature. She tries to help anyone who values the importance of appearance and wants to improve interpersonal relationships at work and at home. She is the owner of HELIOPOLIS education Ltd and has already helped many employees in different companies an also quite some individuals (Merck Sharp and Dohme, Loreal, MTV Adria, UNICEF Slovenia...)



Matej Grusovnik, App & UX Designer Matej is a senior Web and App Designer with 10+ years of experience in the field of Graphic, Web and Mobile App design. He worked with international clients in the US, Denmark and other European countries on enhancing the cross-device user experience. Some of his recent projects are: Mobile & Web Designer: Povio Labs -- San Francisco, CA, USA; User Experience Designer: Forsikringsportalen DK -- Copenhagen, Denmark; Senior Web Designer: Zadrga Advertising Agency -- Maribor, Slovenia; UI Designer, Graphic Designer: Povio Inc -- San Francisco, CA, USA; Graphic Designer: Garex Digital Signage -- Ptuj, Slovenia.

Gregor Sebijan, Digital Creative Director Gregor is an experienced Digital Creative Director with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Skilled in Game Design, Graphics, User Experience, User Interface Design, and XHTML.



24



Cooperation and Support

25



LEGAL INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMERS

Note that by participating in the NTRY ICO - Token Crowdsale or making use of any information contained herein or available on the Notary Website (https://www.notaryplatform.com/) you agree to the Terms and Conditions (https://www.notaryplatform.com/whitepaper/TermsAndConditions.pdf) for users participating in the Notary Tokens crowdsale and/or acquiring Notary Tokens, and accept and acknowledge the following:

GENERAL WARNING

By using the services provided by the Notary Platform, you the (User) as either an Initial Coin Offering (hereinafter  Crowdsale) participant or (User) of the Notary products or services, fully understands and agrees with the following:  User understands and acknowledges that the NTRY tokens will be provided by

the smart contract that shall govern the transactions and that it cannot be altered by any party;  User understands that Notary carries no liability for the ability to take part in the Crowdsale for reasons beyond the control of Notary including but not limited to the Crowdsale duration, transaction mining delays and node-related issues;  Pending a successful Crowdsale, the Notary team members will be focused on completing the company start-up and delivering on milestones. However Notary undertakes no obligations to act on behalf and in the interests of User in the Crowdsale being held in the future;  User understands that by transferring assets to the Notary, User makes the final decision on deposition of cash or other assets and has no right of refund except that which is provided by the Crowdsale smart contract code itself (that being, a 100% refund when capital raised is under the minimum cap and the Notary fails to sell more than 1.200.000 NTRY tokens before the Crowdsale period has expired).

26



TAX WARNING

The User understands that Notary does not act as a tax agent of User and thus the User and Notary carry their respective tax obligations under the applicable laws of the country and location of their tax residency. Notary is not a tax agent and therefore shall not provide Users' financial information to any third parties. This information shall not be disclosed unless officially requested by government authorities a valid and enforceable subpoena.

NO WARRANTIES

All of the information provided within this whitepaper is provided "AS-IS" and with no warranties. No express or implied warranties of any type, including implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, are made with respect to the information, or any use of the information, on this site or platform. Notary makes no representations and extends no warranties of any type as to the accuracy or completeness of any information or content in this whitepaper or regarding this platform.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

Notary specifically disclaims liability for incidental or consequential damages and assumes no responsibility or liability for any loss or damage suffered by any person as a result of the use or misuse of any of the information or content in this whitepaper or on the Notary Website (https://www.notary-platform.com/). In no event shall Notary be liable to User for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages (including lost or anticipated revenues or profits and failure to realise expected savings arising from any claim relating to the services provided by Notary) whether such claim is based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence or strict liability) or otherwise or likelihood of the same.

USE AT YOUR OWN RISK

By acquiring the NTRY tokens and using the Crowdsale smart contract, the Notary platform or Notary Website (https://www.notary-platform.com/), including but not limited to the transferring assets to the Notary, User confirms that they undertake and understand all the possible risks that directly or indirectly arise from the activity connected with User's participation in the Crowdsale and use of the services and products.

27



FORCE-MAJEURE User understands that Notary will not be liable to them for any breach hereunder, including for failure to deliver or delays in delivery of the services occasioned by causes beyond the control of Notary. FINAL WARNING Participation in Crowdsale is not intended to represent an investment opportunity but rather a purchase of tokens, allowing for future use of the services provided by the Notary Platform.  No information provided herein or on the Notary or website should be interpreted as investment advice. It does not constitute an offer or invitation by Notary to any User to buy or to sell tokens or make an investment. The User guarantees that they are a legally capable person of a majority age and comply with legal rules and applicable laws of the jurisdiction where they reside. By participating in the Pre-sale and/or Crowdsale (ICO) User confirms that they have read, understood and agree to comply with all restrictions set forth above.

28



